0:07 What if I told you that it would take only a few more sales calls for you? What if I told you that it would take your few more sales calls for you to actually come financially independent because you master the art of code?

0:44 What if I told you you would be fit? What if I told you it would take on your few more sales calls for you to become financially independent because you master the art of sales?

1:06 Therefore, money worries will disappear. And you will be able to quit your 95 by slapping Your termination into your balls faces.

1:23 So, there are four reasons you're most likely sucking itself right now. So, what? You'll be nervous. Two. You don't know anything about your niche.

1:44 Three. You have limited experience. For, you're using absolutely useless scripts. Now, let me break down to you each one of them so you can actually go fix them.

2:08 One, you know this, and I'm going to tell you something. You will, in best cases, f*** up 70% Of course, because you have a close, you made a 30%.

2:17 That means that on 100 calls, you're going to fail on 70 calls, right? So you're going to fail either way.

2:23 So why do you nervous on a call? Because you have to understand if you're nervous or not going to close.

2:29 So that means that being nervous will guarantee you not too close. So you can just relax because then you will actually have a chance to close, right?

2:38 And you will, either way, f*** up 70% of the calls. Or even more. That means it's like, you could just chill out on a sales call.

2:47 It's just a conversation. Two, you idiot, don't do any research properly, meaning you don't know who you speak to. You don't know what problems are bothering them.

3:00 You don't watch their news. For example, if you're in a real estate, you could watch, uh, CNBN, right? You could watch the news related to that industry, because they do watch it.

3:11 I mean, you want to be up to date with the same information they have because when they go talk to you about what would have this new law which could part to say I know, right?

3:20 And so you will be able to have better communication with them. You will have more confidence on the sales call and you will appear like an expert.

3:33 Free. You expect to close on your first call. You can't expect to close on your first ten sales call. It will take at least 50 sales call of you to become acceptable in sales, right?

3:46 Because sales is a skill you have to master. And sales, quite frankly, is one of the hardest skills you can learn.

3:52 Because it's the most valuable. If you know how to sell someone, you will always make money, right? So this is one of the most complicated skills to learn.

4:00 So, give yourself time and don't expect yourself to close on the first ten calls. Give yourself more time. Give yourself a 50 self score.

4:09 Or even a hundred. Fourth, stop following script like idiots. And here's the reason why. Because you can't listen to your prospect and at the same time look at your script and figure out what's the next question you're gonna ask.

4:33 Because he's basically what happens. You know And you only think about what question you're gonna ask next, meaning you never even actually listen to their answer.

4:41 And secondly, you then ask a unrelated question to their answer previous, right? Meaning, there's no communication, there's no conversation. It feels like an interview because you're just asking one after the other unrelated questions.

4:57 Which does a bit of a lot of trust. However, All of my sales calls start with the same framework, and I want to give it to you.

5:11 First, very simply, you go into the sales call and I always just ask how you do, right? If you're doing international business and it's not local businesses, you don't know where they are, you could just ask, hey, what are you calling from?

5:23 In case you are calling real estate agents in Ontario, you should know where they are, right? Don't ask that stupid question.

5:31 Now, Now comes the most important thing. You don't want to go and have a small talk about the wider, because nobody actually cares about the wider, right?

5:39 So, you want to go straight into it and set the frame. Setting the frame is the most important thing in the crowd, which is who is the boss on the call, right?

5:48 And you want to be the boss on the call because it's your call and you need them to answer your question.

5:53 Not you being the b**** answering their questions, right? So, I'm going to give you what the word I like to say, right?

6:00 And so, listen up. Hey, look, I would say we can dive right into it. Does that sound fair? Cool. So, how you usually structure my calls, so how you usually structure my calls is by first asking you a couple of questions to get a better understanding of where you are right now, where you want to go, and

6:34 if we can see that there are some problems that I could actually help with, and then I'm going to show you exactly how we can come in and help you solve those problems.

6:41 That that sound fair. Awesome. Great. And if you feel like they have quite arrogant and on time constraint, you can even, I don't, look, I don't want to waste your all-time, I don't want to waste my time, right?

6:53 So the way I like to structure my thoughts, cause I'm just going to ask you a couple of questions, see if there's something you can even help with, if not, we can just end the call early.

7:01 If we feel like we can actually help and work together, then we're going to show you exactly how it can help.

7:06 That's something, right? This is the most important phrase on an entire call. The first four seconds, and especially the first introduction, is the most important decisive on the entire call, because that's either going to give you leverage, and authority, and build and trust, or you're going to be a

7:23 b****, and then I'm going to respect you, then I'm not going to answer your questions properly during the discovery phase, and then you're going to lose the call.

7:36 And if you do, the frame setting right, you kill the scripts because you shouldn't have any scripts, especially not doing the discovery phase.

7:44 Right. If you just set the frame right, you can increase your closing rate by 20 to 40%. On the students that I've told this, they have seen an increase of 20 to 40% in the closing rate, just because it is so crucial for you to set the frame properly.

7:58 Right. Because then when I will ask you a question, you will answer it. And if you don't set the frame properly, I'm gonna ask you the way I like to structure my course.

8:09 So it's my course. You're joining on my course. It's by asking you a few questions, so I'm gonna ask you a few questions.

8:17 And if we feel like there's actually something we can help you with, then we're gonna show you exactly what we do.

8:25 Meaning he is going to follow along your path during your call, right? That means he's not gonna start answering, asking a bunch of useless questions or doubting what you're asking questions in the first place, right?

8:38 So please write down this exact framework if you have to re-watch it, go re-watch it. Right? And make note of it, and that's the only thing you should have on a sales call.

8:48 Stop being dead nervous, there's no point in being nervous. Do more niche research, just listen to a podcast of your niche while you're in the gym, right?

8:55 If you go to the gym, if you don't go to the gym, you should go. First, don't use the script.

9:02 It's just a waste of time, right? And it's gonna take a lot of experience for you to actually become a good, right?

9:06 And fourth, use this framework I just get to you. To start to call, and if you appreciate that, Make sure to give it a like, and this is part one of Ring to Grab In You, and I will see you in next episode.

9:18 Cheers!


00:00 Look, the biggest problem that we humans today face is craving instant gratification. Instant gratification. It's what we crave, it's what we adore, it's what we love, it's what we try to chase in our society today.

00:18 And this is a problem that we've always had, unlike the always will, but instant gratification is the enemy of all success, wealth.

00:29 Love and anything meaningful in life. I'll give you a few examples actually in that regard. Let's say for example, you're, you know, you're a little bit out of shape and you want to kind of fix yourself up a little bit.

00:43 You say, okay, you know what? I'm going to go to the gym and change my life. I'm going to change my parents.

00:46 I'm going to change the way I look and everything's going to be fantastic and you go and you dedicate for two months and things are looking good.

00:54 And then the instant gratification activities, those thoughts, those feelings, that thing inside of your brain that's telling you to do something that you shouldn't start to overwhelm you.

01:06 And then it comes again, and again, and again, and and eventually you decide, well, it's just one extra pizza. Well, you know, it's just one extra cookie with that pizza.

01:17 Well, you know, it's just the burger. And then it compounds, and it compounds, and it compounds, but eventually, you're back where you started.

01:25 Two months of work for nothing. Well, let's say for example, you're in a happy, prosperous relationship with a fantastic woman, or fantastic man in your life, and you decide to act upon your lust and desires, you're like, well, that girl's pretty good-looking, you know, like, you're looking at that guy

01:41 , like, shoo, sure, obviously, you know, if you're a guy, you're probably related to this, if you're a girl, maybe not so much, or maybe you do, I'm not sure, but, As a guy, for the guys, you probably understand this, where you're in a relationship, you see another guy, you're like, uh, girls, kind of

01:54 good-looking, and you pursue her, and you try to, you know, bring yourself forward a little bit, and to eventually, you commit the heinous crime of cheating, damaging your, well, destroying your once prosperous relationship, with the girl that was genuinely there.

02:17 For you, just for a one night stand. And instant gratification is essentially when it comes down to it. It is essentially when you want to feel good now.

02:27 You want to feel happy, successful, respected, looked up to now in this moment. You don't want to delay it. You want it instantly, right?

02:40 And these are the things that we crave all the time. I mean, it's killed more people than Any disease on this planet, really, it's- This is essentially how wars start, if you really think about it.

02:54 You have someone in power who wants to take over land, and in order to satisfy their ego and their own desires, they decide to completely disregard the millions, the hundreds of thousands, whatever of people, in that area slaughter them just to take their land to satisfy his own ego.

03:12 If you've ever even picked up a history book, you'll know that this is exactly how human civilization came to existence, really.

03:18 And, well, it's how we got to where we are now, essentially, is what I mean. But at the end of the day, instant gratification is something that's destructive.

03:29 And sometimes we feel like it's not something that we can't, not something that we can control. We sometimes feel that It's something that has power over us, and it controls us, and we can't really do anything about it.

03:46 Well, that's a lie, because the reality is, power lies in self-control. Marcus Aurelius himself dedicated his entire life to master the art of self-control, and self-discipline.

04:08 Here's the problem that you're problem, that you're guaranteed facing, uh, or will face, which is the less than 1% of you out there are probably not dealing with this, but if you're not dealing with it, you probably will deal with it, or you have dealt with it in the past, but 99% of you are probably

04:23 dealing with this. You want success, and you want it now, you want it fast, you want it now, this second, and A big reason as to why you feel that way is likely, will not like you, it is.

04:38 I'm not going to speak into my hypotheticals or assumptions here. It is. I'll tell you now. It is. It's because society is programmed you to chase incident success now.

04:52 To get money now, to become successful now, to achieve, you know, certain things that are unattainable for most people in just, what, seven days.

05:01 You know, just invest in this and you'll go to the moon and you'll make hundreds of millions. Oh, fantastic, and everyone gets scammed.

05:08 And the one reason why everyone is giving up in this entire agency space is simply because of unrealistic expectations. And I get it, you know, I mean, you see someone going from zero to 10k a month and 20 days and you're like, you're like, how was that person able to do that?

05:29 He can do what I can do. You know, and you're like, well, you know what? Zero to 10K a month in 20 days is a bit ambitious.

05:37 You know, he probably got a little bit lucky. So you know what? I'll give myself a hundred days. You know, that's five times the time, right?

05:43 Five times the time. You give me yourself five times more time to get to zero to 10K a month. It sounds reasonable, doesn't it?

05:54 And however the thing that they don't tell you is that Most of the people who get to zero to 10K a month in this space, they don't, in any way, shape or form, get to see that level of success until 10 months later.

06:11 They didn't see a single dollar or a single cent, but 10 months, 9 months, 11, 12 months, 13 months, before they saw success.

06:22 And when you hit the 100 days mark, right? You dedicate yourself to working for 100 days and, You realize that you have things haven't really gone to planned.

06:33 And you think to yourself, well, how did that person get to get to that level in 20 days? And I couldn't even do it in 100.

06:41 It's normal for you to not have clients by that point. It's completely normal because that's not the normality. That's not the standard, that's not the general rule of thumb.

06:52 The reality is, after 100 days, when you commit yourself for 90 days, whatever the case may be, To achieve whatever it is you're trying to achieve and you don't get it, you'll just give up.

07:04 You'll give up. It's simple as that and I've seen it too many times in this space and if I, if I had a dollar for every single time I saw that happened in this space, I would make Elon Musk look broke, right?

07:17 And it helps, it's a bit of an exaggeration, but I genuinely, I genuinely would. I genuinely would if I really think about it because Here's the thing.

07:29 You overestimate how much you can achieve in a month, two months, three months, whatever the case may be. You overestimate.

07:35 You think it's up here when the reality is actually down here. But you underestimate, extremely underestimate what you can do in the year.

07:47 Because, think about it. Give yourself a year. Commit to just one year of your agency, just one year. And look at how your life changes.

08:02 Commit yourself genuinely. Commit yourself to your agency, yourself, growth nation, everything, to just one year. And the average person in this world today probably lives around 80 years.

08:16 Right, 83, 84, maybe 79, another 70. It was around up to 80, 80 years on this planet. You give yourself just one 80th of those years.

08:27 And you will, you will not only see how much your life changes, but the rest of the trajectory of your life will do nothing, but benefit you and do nothing but essentially be you living the dream that it is you've always been wanting to achieve.

08:43 And look, I want to support you and motivate you and help you the most I can, but I can't lie to you at the end of the day.

08:52 I can't see here because I'm not one of these people who are online to tell you, I just You know, commit yourself for 30 days and you'll see if you change, no, it's, it takes a lot longer than that, right?

09:02 This is why when you go outside, you see most people, most people don't have any level of success because they committed for just maybe seven days or so and they just, they just got bored, realized it was worthless and they just left.

09:14 It's the people who go to the gym for a week, they don't see any results and say, ah, the gym is a scam.

09:18 Don't be like those people. Commit yourself for a year. That's the reality. That's the harsh reality I'll have to tell you and Well, it's not really that much of a harsh reality because it's just one year you commit yourself to just one year Just one year not only will your life change not only will 

09:38 everything in your life change not only will your family situation change your financial situation everything you've ever wanted not only will it change But you'll be able to look back at the decision that you made Look with happiness with gratitude Genuine satisfaction, not the fake satisfaction that

09:56 you pretend to have and pretend to smile when you go outside. Genuine satisfaction. And now's the time to commit for the long run.

10:08 Now's the time. And I will make it as easy as I can for you. I'll make it as easy as I can for you.

10:16 For the annual plan, you will not only get $200 off, but you will also get The month that you've already paid off as well.

10:26 See, the amount that you've paid for the month as well, that will also be deducted from the overall price. And on top of that, not only will you get extra intimate trainings with us, and then lock things that you can achieve to get more personal help, but you'll be at your essentially get access to the

10:44 battle pass, and you'll get access to in real life events as well. As I mean you, could at one point in time be face-to-face?

10:58 Think about that for a second. And if you commit, that'll mean I commit to you. We will commit to you.

11:08 You commit to you, we will commit to you. And take action, please. Do it for yourself. Do it for, Do for your family, do for whatever reason it is you're even here in the first place because you didn't join this community for no reason.

11:25 There was a reason to why you joined. Don't let yourself down. Set the right expectations, which is at least one year, one year, and commit to you, me, and growth nation.

11:45 And, You will see everything change. I promise you that. I promise you, I can say this with confidence, I promise you things will change.

11:56 If you just commit for a year, to commit and to take action right now, go to your settings, communities, go to Operation Growth Nation, uh, the Operation Growth Nation settings and manage membership and upgrades.

12:13 And by the way, like I said, for the month that you've already paid, it will be deducted from the annual plan.

12:22 Make that change, make that commitment, and watch your life change. Take action.


0:00 Did you know that every single person in this world that succeeds? Every single person on this planet, whether or not the successful engineers, or successful actors, or successful doctors, or businessmen, or celebrities, or whatever the case may be, right?

0:12 They all had different strengths and weaknesses and advantages and disadvantages, but there was really just one thing that propelled them to insane levels and heights of success.

0:22 Just one thing. Do you want to know what that thing is? Commitment. They're committed. That's all it really was. They put in the time, they put in the hours, they put in the effort, they put in the energy, they put in the blood, they sweat the tears.

0:38 They put in everything. You know, Mark Zuckerberg, for example, who, I still, I don't, I don't, I really know if this is trying to but I believe was the youngest billionaire of his time, not sure if he still is.

0:52 Maybe someone else has broken that record. But Mark Zuckerberg, when he became a billionaire, was the youngest billionaire of his time because he committed to what his vision was, like, absolute crazy.

1:05 And do you want to know why these people win and why you don't win? I'll tell you, it's simply because they take the operation growth nation seriously.

1:19 That's all it really is. If you, for example, hypothetically, committed for a year, well, just think about it for a second.

1:29 If you committed for a year, what do you think could be? You know, because I had a student once, and I was coaching him for about a month or so, and his goal was essentially to sign one client.

1:48 Just one client, and in that time frame, He did everything he could to try and ultimately make that become a reality, but the reality was he just didn't have enough time.

2:02 And he failed. He couldn't do it because of studying, and you know, took a lot of his time, and family issues, all that kind of stuff, but it was just too short of a time frame.

2:16 Even though he failed after that one month, he saw the value of this. And so what he decided to do was tell me specifically that he wanted to commit for a year.

2:26 And he signed on to work with me for, uh, for around a good year. After a couple of months, he signed his first client and closed it for four thousand a month.

2:38 Just a couple of months later. And I tell you this because, He would not have in any way shape or form, achieve this kind of success that he wanted to achieve, or the success that he got had it not been for him committing longer in just a month.

2:57 He had to commit for a year. After a couple of months he got it, and had he only committed for a month or so he would have given up, guaranteed he would have given up, because it's not necessarily normal.

3:11 Sure, there are people out there who commit for a month and they get insane results. Sure, but that's the exception.

3:17 That's the anomaly. Exceptions don't disprove the rule. Exceptions don't make the rule. The rule is, you have to commit for at least a good year to get genuinely tangible results, because think about it.

3:33 If you commit yourself to the long run, because that's what business is at the end of the day, it's about thinking long time.

3:38 You know, Netflix, for example, one of the biggest companies in the world, multi-billion dollar corporation, they didn't see a profit in their entire business for a good ten years.

3:47 Ten years. They only started making profit recently. And they were one of the biggest companies in the world today. When you commit for the long run and you commit yourself, To genuinely succeeding, you commit yourself to the long run, you cannot lose.

4:03 You will always win because you will always be ahead of the people who are non-committers. The people who only commit for a month or a week and, you know, just say, I want to be, I want to get rich quick, I guess.

4:16 And they say, I'm going to make this year my year, they'll start for a good month or so and after that, they'll just fall off.

4:23 And they quit. So I ask you the question, do you want to be a quitter? Is that what you want to be?

4:30 Equator. Do you want to be a part of that group of failures? Because I'll give you to you very honestly.

4:39 You won't succeed in just a month. You won't succeed, maybe not even in two months. Oh, maybe not even three, but if you commit for a year, genuinely commit for a year.

4:51 Not only will you succeed, but your entire life and your entire reality will change from where it is now. Completely.

5:00 And I give you the possibility now to commit one year to growth nation. Just one year. And of course I'm gonna also give you a few extra pucks in that regard as well, because it's truly show you how valuable this is.

5:20 Number one, not only will you get 200 bucks, completely off, but you'll also get Is a deduction of the price that you've already paid for.

5:34 And opportunities to work with us more intimately. A lot more intimately. Extra help and support. For how much? Less than three dollars a day.

5:50 So it is. Less than three dollars a day. So it is. To change your life. I told you that in a year your life you will have every single thing that you've ever wanted.

6:09 Where you'll be able to look your parents in the eye and have them look back at you with genuine pride and happiness.

6:16 How much would that be worth to you? Most people say it's priceless. I'm offering you a T for just less than $3 a day.

6:28 To commit to just three dollars a day, all you have to do is just pay it one time. It's all it is.

6:35 You commit for the long run. Because if you commit for the long run, not only will you guarantee your success, but you'll also be able to look at your reality, look at every single thing around you, and you'll realize just how incredible of as a decision it was, where today you made that decision.

6:55 To do this, of course, You'll have to go to your settings, communities, go to operation, growth, uh, nation settings, management, memberships and upgrades, and change to the annual subscription.

7:11 And by the way, like I said earlier, for the month you've already paid, it will be deducted from the price as well, so you get it cheaper.

7:17 Don't worry, we're not here to just take money from you for no reason. And I promise. If you just commit for this year, with this extra skin in the game, it's extra pressure, where pressure creates diamonds.

7:33 If you just commit, you commit to us, we will commit to you, we will make sure you succeed. We will make sure that you do not fail.

7:46 And mark my words. Change to the annual plan.


0:00 Uh, so, here's the metrics on the emails. First one is 20% click, because it has a lead magnet in it.

0:06 Uhm, then we have 2.6, this is then the offer, so pitching the community. Uhm, and then you have another one, so this is also very good, 4% click.

0:18 Uh, this one could be probably improved, but here you go, like, there's not, only 5 people went through it. So, it's not a lot of metrics that we still have, uh, now it's just about getting the cost per lead down, because the cheaper the cost per lead is, the easier it, like, the less we need to have

0:34 high conversions to break even, basically, uh, just after this score above page, because, well, now it's like, learn how to sell your first few paying clients, blah, blah, blah, and, uh, yeah, update the above page, uh, I think we can make this even, probably even better, but, uh, in terms of the metrics

0:55 , we don't have accurate metrics, because the problem is, it's like, a lot of the people who joined were from the org community, um, so we actually signed two clients from the ads, like this one, and, uh, Victor.

1:09 Now, the only thing which might have resulted in us not closing any ads, anymore, is because of the new YouTube video, uh, which I actually, let's look at the stats together, it actually got a hundred views, um, so, the views is great.

1:19 Uh, so yeah, we got, we had some students commenting, uh, below, uhm, nicely.

1:52 So, in terms of analysis, we had like a hundred people engagement, uh, reach was also not bad, engagement. Average watch duration is pretty high as well, uhm, so hook is good, like 65% retention and, oh, if, if, yeah, uhm, it's not, actually not bad, you know, uhm, so, don't know, compared to the old

2:18 one, which, like, this is the new one, basically, uh, the old one is this, so the problem with this one it was.

2:24 It's, like, super long, right, uhm, like, if you look at this, we have a 12% watch rate in, like, two minutes, like, here where I start speaking, like, here, we lose 20%, and here, like, we have 0% watching, so, we lose a lot of people, uhm, in the video.

2:48 So, that's why we made the new one, the shorter one, which actually seems to be going quite well, in terms of, like, the metrics, uhm, like, has been growing in terms of views, uh, average percentage views, 20% of the people actually watch the video in full, and, uhm, and we could probably make a little

3:11 bit more of editing in the end of the video to make it a little bit better, uh, but, it's pretty, like, for Facebook, 63% of the traffic comes from Facebook, uhm, so, this looks good as well.

3:25 Like, engagement, 20% is not bad, like, this is pretty solid. So, yeah, uhm, we just, like, probably the school about page needs to be higher converting, that's like my opinion.

3:37 One thing, uhm, the second thing that probably is, like, just the ads cost getting it down, right, uh, so, right now, we're getting a cost per view of $5 and, uh, $9, so, it makes it pretty, like, $7 pretty expensive, but, like, if we could get this down to 2.5%, this would be pretty great, uhm, and 

3:53 it also says here something about, uh, optimisation scores, So, that could be interesting to look into that, but, yeah, uhm, making new creatives, basically, that's what we need, everyone, we get, need to make this a break-even system, if we are capable of making this a break-even system, meaning we 

4:13 spend $120 to make $120 back on the first month, from month 2 on, it's profit, right, and we can also upsell the people and all of that stuff, but, if we do that, we have a chance to win the squares, if we don't have that system, we can't win the school games, so we need to figure out this out, asa, 

4:29 we need to constantly be testing, making things better, and, uh, trying the best, right, so we need every single brain cell, including my, like, thousand brain cells, putting them all together, and trying to make this absolutely crazy, and absolutely great, right, so, here are the metrics, let me know

4:46 of any improvement ideas that you all got to make this better. Uh, so we can make more money, and win the school games.

4:52 Cheers!


0:00 I've had a bit of a thought today. I want you watching right now, soldier. To close your eyes, right? I want you to close your eyes right now.

0:10 And I want you to picture two guys. Now, these two guys are you, right? It's actually you. On the one hand, right, you have the guy who has decided for the past couple of months to put in a ridiculous amount of work.

0:29 To put in a lot of effort, to put in a lot of time into improving himself, and to actually dedicating himself to working on his business, to working on his agency, to doing the work, to doing the cold course, to doing the outreach, to get on the course, to not procrastinating, and to putting in that 

0:46 energy, that effort, and that time, to actually achieving his goals. Now that's the first guy. On the second guy, on the other hand, you have the second guy, and the second guy is also you.

0:59 But this person has in no way shape of form, but in any effort, no time, no focus, no attention, no money, nothing, into actually improving himself and actually in any way shape of form, edging closer towards his goals, no outreach, no cold calls, no cold DMs, no sales calls, nothing.

1:21 He's just sat around, played video games, scrolled on TikTok, and that's it. Right? I want you to picture both guys.

1:29 Right, I want you to close your eyes and just visualize both guys. You have the successful one and the unsuccessful one.

1:39 Now, I want to pose a very quick simple question to you. Which one would you rather be like? The first one?

1:46 The second one. The first one, right? The first one. Everyone wants to be like the first one. Well, if you want to be like the first one, You have to ask yourself, what did the first one do in order for you to want to be him?

2:03 Because they're both the same guy, there's no difference between them. The only difference is, what they did in order to achieve what it is they were trying to achieve.

2:14 So just ask yourself today, when you're feeling like, I don't feel like doing the walk, I just want to sit around, I want to just have a chill day, a relaxed day, I want to do no cold calls on to that.

2:24 That's fine, no problem in that in any way shape or form. But what would you be sacrificing? You know, what would you be looking at and thinking to yourself?

2:38 What would you be? Okay, let me phrase that a little bit differently. What would you be losing out on? Because you've just told me right now that you want to be the first guy, you don't want to be the second guy, the second guy is dissatisfied.

2:52 He's not happy. The first guy is, and you know why. The only way to be that first guy is to actually get up and do the work.

3:05 Do the co-cours. I'm not saying, have your entire life be nothing but work. You can still have some time to do what it is you want, spend in time with family, go into the gym or that kind of stuff.

3:15 But getting up and doing the things that are required to actually push your business to where you can actually get it to that is what's actually going to make you be the fast guy.

3:27 And no one wants to be the second guy. And no one likes being the second guy. No one likes even imagining it.

3:37 So never let that be your reality. Let your reality be the fast guy.


0:00 Good morning recruits. I hope you're doing fantastic. Hope you're on your own. It's going fantastic today. Hope you're smashing. I hope you're killing.

0:07 I hope you're attacking your goals and going full aggressive mode. Just wanted to film this very quick video to give you a daily motivation because by this point now, you're on week 4, right?

0:19 You're now really feeling the grind, you know, really into the game, you know, really been doing, you've now really been doing this for quite a while.

0:26 And I know quite a bunch of you right now have Probably hit that point where you're now thinking, is this even worth it?

0:34 Should I even continue doing this? Is this even something that I want to do? Because I'm just grinding and grinding and grinding, I'm doing all this work and I'm seeing no results.

0:42 So this is for the people out there who are feeling that right now. And I just wanted to very quickly say to you guys, is it worth it in a very short, simple way?

0:52 Yes! And I'll tell you why, because you have to view it this way. You have to change your perspective on how you're viewing things right now as opposed to how you view things moving forward.

1:02 Right now at this point in time you are still in the beginning stage of your journey. You are still an infant.

1:09 You're still an absolute baby. You are still someone who's just come out their mother, right? So I have to put it that way, but it's true.

1:16 You're still in your very early beginning stages of your business, and all you have to do right now Across the next period of time, stretching over the course of the next couple of weeks is just keep grinding.

1:31 Why? Because eventually, I promise you, you, it will be worth it. Because you will see that little shred of results.

1:38 There's little tiny results that will start coming in and they will build up to something monumental. And I know in the beginning stages right now it may be difficult.

1:47 You may feel like you want to quit. You may feel like this might not even be for me. Guess what?

1:51 I had that feeling as well. Leo had that feeling. Every single successful person on the face of the planet as they were coming up had that feeling.

1:59 So I know what it's like, but as someone who's made it out and is now on the other side, look back and I cannot be more grateful.

2:07 I cannot in any way shape or form be more grateful for my past self because your future self, your future happiness and your future gratitude depends on your actions today.

2:18 Will you take the easy route? And just sit around and do nothing. And your future self pays the price. Or will you go out into the trenches and do the work?

2:29 So your future self can have everything you want. The cars, the girls, the money, the finance, the houses, the freedom, the ability to look at your parents in the eye and say, I did it.

2:41 I made you proud. Because that's what you'll be sacrificing if you decide to just scroll today and you decide to just do nothing.

2:50 Do not be that guy. So get out there, put in that walk, put in that effort, grind through the trenches and I promise you, you keep doing this, you will achieve fantastic results and you'll never, ever, ever in any way shape or form, look back and say I'm upset.

3:12 Good luck to your boys.


00:01 into it, the first part of this call, I want to speak about a way to sign clients, which is probably The easiest way to sign clients, which is network.

00:13 Everyone around you knows a person, and they don't know a person as well. Right, we all have other circles, right, other social circles.

00:23 Now, you might be young, you might be old, you might be whatever the fact of the job you have. So, you question, now I have work with gyms, so how am I supposed to To get clients from my agency, right?

00:38 I don't know, I need a gym owner, right? I don't know any meds but owner, right? So do I. I don't know any meds but owner, right?

00:46 So, how do you leverage your network to sign clients as quickly as possible? Because this is fundamentally the easiest way.

00:54 And to give it to you as a reference, right? We had a project last few weeks, which we wanted to do on the side, right?

01:01 And it's for that we wanted to leverage our network. And so, we wanted to target the school game's winner. The people making more than they came along, right?

01:11 And so, what, what, what did we do? Well, we figured out that we knew a little bit of people, right?

01:18 We knew a few agents, like, few schools winner from meeting them in Vegas. But here's where most people did a mistake.

01:25 It's like, they think that you have to go pitch the people you know. Never ever go, pitch the people you know.

01:34 This is, these are your network. These are the people you care about, or they care about you, right? I'm not gonna say, hey, I'm sure, buy this shit.

01:44 I'm never gonna say that. I'm never gonna say, ask a buy this shit. Instead, here's the way to do it.

01:51 Ask the person if they know someone. That's you, and here's the important thing, they could introduce you to, or you could be introduced to.

02:01 So you want just to make an introduction, do you just want the person to make an introduction? Hey Oscar, do you know any kind of local business owner?

02:10 How do you have any contacts? Or do you have someone in mind you know that you have spoken to it and you connect, could connect me with, right?

02:17 So I could tell them a bit more about what I do because if he knows people that could benefit from what I do, right?

02:25 This is an important thing. You never speak about selling. And by the way, this is one of the strategy from the book of Alex and Rosie called, uh, leads.

02:34 I think it's called leads. Yeah. Very good book. I recommend both of the books and lead. Very good books. Now, speaking about that, why is that work so important?

02:46 There's a quote which says, you're seven people away from anybody in this planet. You're seven people away. Seven connections away from anyone in this planet.

02:57 No matter if it's Elon Musk, Trump or whoever, you just have to send people off, right? Because there's always an easier way to get to one person and it's to another, right?

03:09 If I want to get to Imam, let's say Imam Gazi, I'm most likely not going to send him a deal on Instagram because I won't ask that, right?

03:17 But I know people who wants a program, or let's say, for example, just taking example, just by thinking, right? I know some of the employees that worked there, right?

03:29 One of the success students, uh, success managers, right? And so what did I do? I could, potentially, what I could do is say, hey, do you know anyone that could help me get in contact with you now?

03:41 Because I'm trying to do by next month and will be awesome to me, right? Say, hey, I could actually help you.

03:48 This, I know this person from the team that maybe still can help you get in contact. This is the important thing with that work.

03:55 It's never getting the sale. It's about getting in front of right people. And now, how do you make your offer even better?

04:03 Once you get to the first point, right, once you get to the first touch, so get back to your local businesses, right?

04:08 So I take Benedict, Tariq, I'm, I'm a please put on camera. There's a make camera on policy on this call, which is big and important.

04:18 There you go. Thank you. Tariq, camera on. Oh, wait, you're twice in this call. So, taking into example Oscar, right?

04:28 Oscar sends me to contact off local business, right? In Denmark. I'm like cool, awesome. Now, hey, I'm working on a project on a few things.

04:41 No, no, I'm telling you good, you're good. I'm working on a project, and I would love to get you feedback on.

04:50 By the way, why do I tell this exact same way? Then there's making, you know, it's very good. The reason why is because the first connection you make is not the person you want to sell.

05:00 Because most likely that one local business owner, do you just found in Denmark, most likely, you know, it's five to ten other local business owners.

05:08 So you don't want to pitch him. Instead, you want his feedback. Says what we did, but then the same thing with this project, with the Squares winner.

05:17 We hopped on calls with people that we know were connected to the Squares winner. Because they were pitching the same audience, there's something I'm gonna also touch point on.

05:26 But also, to, to niche. So I was speaking to school games winner, and it was saying, hey, what do you think about this?

05:35 Do you think this could be beneficial? Do you think other school games winner could profit from this? And something will happen sometimes, is they're gonna tell you, hey, actually, like, I could use it.

05:47 It would be great if you could do it for me. And that way you, Maybe you can get by chance a crime, but that's not really what matters.

05:55 What matters is that you get their feedback. It's your prospect telling you what he likes and doesn't like about it.

06:01 Right? So if it's not enough, great. Now you know, you make it better. Say, hey, look, I make improvements. What do you think about it now?

06:08 I think it's good. As soon as he says that, hey, look, I don't know if you better show from it, but probably you know people that can correct me to other people that might need it, or themselves might need it.

06:20 Can you introduce me to a few of the people you know? Important, you want them to make an introduction. They say, give you the water contact, give you the- you just want this such important thing.

06:31 The big mistake is people do it, is, do you know anyone who could use this? Everyone is going to tell you, no.

06:44 The friend is the most important thing on here. You want to trust the person, Do you have any contacts, any contacts I could get in contact with that might be able to help me?

06:58 Right? Other people like who even better to ask, who do you know who you could put me in contact with that might need this or no people who needed?

07:09 Because this is something like Bath, would you want to refer me to someone so I can go pitch them? Not really, right?

07:17 Because you're like, okay, like, come on. But if you say, hey, do you know anyone? Who do you know that might be able to help me to get in front of the right people to sell it to, or to offer it to, or to help them with?

07:29 Then he's like, I actually might know this personally. You want to ask, who do you know instead of, do you know anyone?

07:35 Because do you know anyone whose answer is no? Who do you know is the thing, oh, I actually know this guy.

07:41 I actually know, I turn on, I actually know this guy. I could, and we say, hey, awesome. Could you connect with them, make just a little introduction or group title or whatever?

07:50 So I can get in contact with them. And I can ask and see if they could benefit from it or they know anyone who could benefit from it.

07:57 This is the fastest way to get clients. Now, if I would literally start waiting to see over again, this is probably how it would start.

08:04 F*** the service, f*** anything, just have some kind of a deal. What you want to sell, or who you want to sell to, one of both.

08:12 Don't hit both because usually you have to find the one that is worth the dollar. Alright, so choose one, let's say you want to work with gyms.

08:21 You're going to have to try everything possible to get in contact with people who know Gemona, all our gyms owners, right?

08:30 So, and then, once you have that person, do not pitch that person, because that person is the person you need to get in contact with other people.

08:37 So, think of it that way, you might know one person, but that person might know two, and that person might know five.

08:46 So now you have exponentially more people, so the more you can delay not selling the first person you encounter in your niche, the better you'll be able to do it.

08:57 And so go to the people and ask them sincerely for feedback, or what do you think about this project? What are your struggles?

09:06 I literally ask all the people who are making 10K platforms, what are your struggles? They all seem to struggle with operations and scaling.

09:16 We didn't know that. Now, what, guess what you can do? Now, you can position yourself in the exact, that thing.

09:23 Now, of course, the person you ask for feedback, know that you most likely don't know to solve it, if not, you would have already offered that solution.

09:31 But say, hey, do you know anyone? Again, when we come to a point, do you know anyone who you think also might be struggling with this, that might or might know people who might be struggling with this?

09:40 It would just be awesome to expand my network. There is this protocol, your network is your network, and I hate to quote, but there's truth to it as well.

09:53 Because if you connect it to write people using anything done, meaning, for example, also this community, fill in, does email, right?

10:03 With other people doing call calls, some people already run ads like, anchored, right? Some people speak local languages which also can be useful.

10:14 Right, so all of us have different things which we can leverage. How do you think my team is built? It's just by us leveraging each other's knowledge and skills.

10:24 I have skills and knowledge, for example, I've skills and sales and I have skills and team leadership but also knowledge and a bunch of different things.

10:32 And so I'm just giving my knowledge and my skills to other people that in return are giving me their skills.

10:39 Right, so this is hope by the way you build a team. You don't have to go pay someone 2k or 5k to put work go work for you, especially in the beginning.

10:47 You can't afford it, and it would be a waste of money. I tried it, it's stupid. I was paying the UK call for her, 12 pound an hour, full time.

10:57 A bunch of money, and she didn't got any results. When Yada said, if she has that skill, now I have the skill that is complimentary, or I can't benefit her.

11:06 Great, right? For example, I could teach you sales, and you do call cause for me. For example, right? So this is the approach first, how are you gonna get clients, but also pay the team around you, right?

11:20 So, don't think you're alone, and this all alone bullshit, unfortunately, has some truth to it, but only to a small extent.

11:29 Alex, call Alex from always calls it the Lonely Chapter. The Lonely Chapter is basically where you currently running, which is maybe you school, maybe you job, maybe anything else.

11:39 That's not fit with the people you want to be around with, so entrepreneurs making money and all of this stuff.

11:46 But you're not valuable enough for those people. That's the so-called loan chapter. Now, the only way to get out of that loan chapter is to become valuable to other people.

11:59 And how do you do that? If I go into people and ask them what the f*** can you help with?

12:04 I'm here to offer you my help for free. That is how you become to valuable, you become valuable to people.

12:11 And by the way, this is how you build a network. Because then you can say, hey, look, I did this for you for free.

12:17 Do you know anyone else who could benefit from this? The same goes with you who always, some of you sign clients are doing, uh, are having sales calls.

12:26 At the end, just say, hey, look, this might be not the thing for you, but do you know anyone who could benefit from this?

12:32 I'm offering my hand for free. Reference is so powerful. Every local business you speak to, they tell you. All of the clients come from Refalse.

12:43 I spoken to an agency making $100,000 per month in Vegas. $100,000, they work with e-commerce stores. Big brands. How do they get the clients?

12:54 Refalse. Surely Refalse. Now, isn't that crazy? Because it's a mindset and it's an understanding. That you have to have, and that's what I want to give you today, which is this other signing.

13:07 You don't build network by having a shitload of money. You build a network by providing value to other people. So you accept to take the loss right now for the great outcome of your relationship.

13:19 Fill it up in question. Uh, it's not really a question. It's more of a common playing in all it. So, uh, I've been doing LinkedIn outreach.

13:27 I've been purposely targeting the people, uh, not doing the marketing inside their business, uh, because I can get them in a meeting easier.

13:36 And then, at the end, I just play dumb, and they will be like, okay, I'm not the person in charge.

13:41 And then I asked them to introduce me to the person in charge. And my booking rate has gone up to 10%.

13:46 So, every 10 messages I send, I get one call out of it. So it's absolutely a crazy way to use it, but it works.

13:53 Yes. There you go, so different, different ideas. Introducing people. Oh my god, this is so powerful. You have to live, you have to live with your network.

14:03 So here's the thing, who do you know? Linda, for example, you probably know about your free estate agent. Local. Make it easy.

14:12 Just go, what the hell do you need? Or your own own presence or shape, or your website or shape. Let me build one for you.

14:18 For free. The first one. Next one, you say, hey look, I built for Bonneck. I built a website. Do you want one, too?

14:26 Because I know that you'll look shit as well. It's going to be 500 dollars. There you go. You're in business.

14:33 It took you two weeks. And something that I understand is like, we also tend to overcomplicate our business as well.

14:40 We tend to overcomplicate it. But something we don't understand is that other people around us also know people that could be beneficial to us.

14:47 So always keep that in mind, and that's something that is also going to touch parents into it, is I was speaking to two of my friends who are also working kind of for me.

14:57 I was like, look, I know you're not getting a direct return from me in terms of money right now, but I provide you opportunities you wouldn't have elsewhere.

15:08 Like, for example, introducing them to a team and not a basically group of three young people in Munich. Which also runs a SaaS company, which also have connection to other people as well.

15:21 Right? The reason I have the ability to get those networks is because I know other people that connected me to them.

15:28 So I have the ability to provide networks to people. That's also a thing which you didn't become valuable. Because then you know the people, because I know the people, because also knows the people.

15:39 That becomes also a valuable thing in itself. Right? So. There is a lot of value which all of us in the beginning don't understand because we don't see it.

15:49 But you should all make it or something I want you to do is make an effort into your network. Give without asking back.

15:58 If you do that, they will have reciprocity. Which means is like when I give you chocolate or I go buy your drink, the next time we go into the bar, you will want to pay.

16:11 Every time. How many times have you experienced this? Why? Because that's called the law of reciprocity. So you can leverage it in a good way, just by giving first to your network.

16:23 That's exactly what Alex Somozy did in the beginning, in the beginning he is. That guy has, like, if you don't want to hear it from me, that guy has made a, like, has a network of $100 million.

16:33 He went to his network, asked the people, what do you, like, what is there that I can help you with to make your life easier?

16:39 By doing so, you know, only built testimonials, built a network by providing money for them to for free. But now, the people told him, hey, I own your favor.

16:53 Now, a guy running a business owes your favor. Do you know who great that is? Now imagine you need something.

17:00 You can go to the people. And that's exactly what he did. Then he wants your person to, hey, actually look right now.

17:06 I'm building on this and I'm struggling with this. I know you're good at this. Can you help me? You know, I have, because they know that you helped them back in the past, they will help you.

17:16 Reciprocity is such a big important law in networking. So give to your network first. Important, never pitch your network. Ask them if they know more people.

17:30 The more people you know, the better. I know it asked courage in the beginning because you feel like you're nobody, but I will tell you something and that's something all I also had to learn.

17:40 You're nobody on this planet. Like, you will always be introducing rooms where everyone else makes more money than you. And it's good because you need that.

17:49 If you're the smartest in our room, you're in the wrong room because you will not grow. You have to be the most stupid person.

17:56 Like, when we went to the school games, we felt like the absolute most r****** possible. Like, we were just running around and asking for people for help, because we actually felt stupid.

18:07 I was a 3 a.m. in the morning, speaking with a guy, I would teamly just ship them wherever, because I felt like I was just piece of shit.

18:15 And we were not moving forward. Now, in the aftermath, I realized I'm not that stupid, but it was because I was introduced to a network of people all making more money than me.

18:28 But he, no matter what room you go into, you're always going to meet people who make money. Unless you're in a mask.

18:34 And if you're in a mask, you might be the richest person entering in a matter of what room. Right? But that's not even him.

18:44 He will be entering rooms with people with more power. People like Trump, other people, Putin, people who have even more power.

18:51 So you'll always be introduced to rooms where you're not the smartest. So don't have the fear of approaching people and asking them.

19:00 So that's why you don't ask for the sale, you don't ask for something, you just offer you help. And whatever saying something, don't ask for something, you can ask for a favor.

19:13 This is also a very good way to get to do see people. Don't ask for favor like letting one of you some selfish like that.

19:19 Ask for favor in terms of feedback. Help. This is also a super strong called approach. On LinkedIn, on Instagram, on email.

19:29 Hey, I'm actually building this project. I'm actually working on this business to help solos, company works. And I know you're pretty experienced in what you do.

19:37 Do you mind helping in a call or giving me some feedback? Boom! I can guarantee you the reply rate of awkwardness is going to be so much higher because people willing to help.

19:48 Not everyone because we also have assholes. But I'm also willing to help, and I always try to help where I can.

19:56 So think about this. I just have another five ways for you to get approached clients. So don't be also fixated about what you do.

20:05 Because after speaking to people, you will not have made what you do right now. It's not a thing to do.

20:09 Now, of course, you should never necessarily take it all to did, based your full decision, full business based on one person's opinion.

20:16 Let's take a minute. Alright, you're gonna have people with different backgrounds telling you to do different shit. Like, you will, for example, speak to a soldier, a soldier, a couple in Germany, and he's gonna tell you, no, would you not run a marketing agency?

20:27 This is stupid. You say you should start your own solar business, whatever, right? Not everyone that you meet will give you the feedback you want to hear.

20:35 Sometimes, you're just gonna be criticism, then you're gonna have to f****** listen to it, but sometimes it's also just not fitting.

20:41 So that's why, again, don't ask for the cell, ask for more connections. Because the more people, and that's exactly what we did as well, the more people we got introduced to, and the school game winnerspace, the more different feedbacks we got, like to a point where everyone was contradicting himself

21:01 . Which in the end told us, there's not right or wrong, just do whatever. Okay. But this is how to approach it.

21:08 That's what we were able to connect with so many people doing the school games. Because I was just asking for feedback, asking for help.

21:16 Right, and now you have to match what I could do. It's just often my help to people. If I will be starting out, and I'm not starting out, so I don't really have time to do such.

21:28 But if I will start again, I will definitely go to the person with the most network, leverage, and ask what I can help them with.

21:36 If you have ever read the book, Rich Dead Poor Dead, just find a person with money and ask them if you can work for them for free.

22:00 Well, guys, it doesn't have to be related or necessary to business. It can have a few rich benefits in a private life as well.

22:13 Context. Network. You know, yes. Relationship. Yes. So much. You build friendships out of this. Right? To give an example and why I wish this to you, right?

22:25 Some of you are inviting people to the community, right? We want to win the school games. And what about that later?

22:32 Why is it beneficial to connect with other agencies? I will give you two examples. One example, I met two years ago, agency owner, we met a unique, actually in person.

22:43 That guy now is doing $25,000 worth of agency in a real estate space in France. Nice connection to have. Second connection.

22:54 Isaac. I got from Germany. We made a few years ago in a back coaching program like this. Now, we have calls regularly, and we speak about content together because he has a content agency making 10k per month.

23:11 So here's, for example, yesterday give me like a template as a hiring post, which I can utilize. So I can utilize his expertise because he can utilize mine.

23:21 All of it, just because two years ago, I connected with people. So don't always think about the short term. That's the problem with business.

23:31 People focus on the short term money. That's why I tell you rule number one in networking. Never, ever sell the person.

23:38 Never sell your network. Never sell your network. Can ask your network for connections, and those connections you can pitch, or the connections of the connections you can pitch.

23:53 And even in your space, and that's something I wanted to speak about a little bit before, but now coming back to it, you do not only have to connect with your niche, connect with your competitors, competitors, let's say, agency owners, like our connect with coaches.

24:10 I speak for example to an old man of mine who was who is in the coaching space. And we speak regularly.

24:15 He literally tells me everything which happens in the industry. He kind of does my niche research. And we just have a chat for two hours.

24:22 And the end is like, great. Sometimes he gives me feedback. Sometimes I tell him what I learned or what I worked.

24:28 That's it. So building your network early is what you will need. Because right now, you feel like you're a piece of shit, but that's how I don't feel.

24:37 Right? For example, if you call If you connect with a mob or lender, and you go to France and you basically work together, you help each other.

24:46 Even if you don't even have to, like, give it crazy advice, it's just be there for each other. Right? I'll check in on how people are doing.

24:53 That is enough to help meaningful relationships. That doesn't mean that everyone is going, every person in your network is going to become the next millionaire.

25:02 But everyone is valuable. Stop thinking you're f****** crazy than anyone else. Someone here thinks that they're greater than anyone else, but you know people who are also great.

25:13 So great to have them in their books, right? So that's why I also want to invite people to this community.

25:19 Don't think of it as a way is like, oh, I'm getting referral for Leo and making quick talk. Forgive the shit.

25:26 More important is that you actually have something other people, and that's something I want to also realize. I've gotten referral for the people just because I knew that they could have that person better than I could.

25:37 And that provided value to him. For example, one of my best students. I actually told him to go to a different mentor, even though he had a lot of money to pay me.

25:49 But I knew that with that, I would provide value to him. How crazy is that? Because he knew that I leverage my network and my connections to get him that deal.

26:04 And so you provided value. To a person just, for example, just by inviting people to this community, you can provide value to someone.

26:10 Of course, if you don't, the community is shit then you, of course, not doing a good job. But as well as well, don't sell your network, ask the network for feedback, right?

26:19 Because they know people that could know people, right? Are there any questions to how to network? Or anything related to building a team in building network?

26:30 Are there questions? Today's the time for questions. Questions. I'm so amazed by people not having a question. I think I had a thousand questions today.

26:45 And nobody answered them to me. It was really sad. But. Yeah, my question refers to something that you said in the beginning.

26:56 I'm not sure that I got it on 100%. So when you reach out to people, you know. You just tell them, like, you serve your target audience, and you ask them whether they know your target, somebody in your target audience, but you don't necessarily, or you don't say that you sell something to them, right

27:16 ? You say that he sells. Okay. I'll give you a framework. I will give you a framework. All of you can write this down.

27:23 When I go and reach out to someone in my network, the first thing I would do is, hey, I'm working on this project, and I would love to get your feedback on.

27:31 Do you might have time 20 minutes, 30 minutes on the weekend? So now you hop with that person on the call.

27:39 Why do you do that? Because first, you will get the feedback. And at the end, he will say, I, he loves it, although he will give you building good criticism, which you can implement.

27:48 And at the end, it's important that you hop on a call with the people and say, Hey, do you know any other person?

27:55 Or who do you know, one body? Who do you know? Could either benefit from what I'm doing, or could know other people who could benefit from.

28:06 Very important as well is that the frame is not selling. It's like, really you're just nice. You're just being nice.

28:13 So then on the call you say, could you know who would actually maybe benefit from this or that no other people benefit from this?

28:20 I'm just, I don't have the network right now. I would love if you could help me connect me to people.

28:25 Just, you know, you just do an introduction of a phone, and then I can take care of it, I can jump on a carpet, and when I'm there, I got the arms off of it.

28:32 This deep, best way to get around to people. Just ask people for feedback, because then people feel like, oh, I know a lot.

28:40 Let me teach you. So powerful. So powerful. Any other questions? Yes, Pagas? For example, we are working on, we are bringing an agency.

29:07 So should we be in the solar or the infinity? So, your questions should be built on, or should you build a team?

29:17 Operated to agency or just neighborhood, but more networking. So, good question you asked. Should you be allowed mobility? Now, here's something more common to place.

29:28 It's like, again, What up in you? And do you know anyone who does the job better than you? Let's say, for example, you're doing email with me.

29:37 Do you know anyone who could help you with emails if you completely shit with it? Again, you reach out to them, say, hey, I'm working on this project.

29:46 We'll love to give you feedback. But, done. Call both. And then you can see that's the most important thing I will tell you about building a team.

29:54 If you want them to come work with you, you have to align incentives. And this is the thing, which money can't fix.

30:04 Don't think you will get people to worry if you enjoy money. Money should actually never be an incentive. For example, the reason that mean also what you get is for both cases not money, knowing his way, knowing my way.

30:21 So you have to, of course, long term goals is to make money, like everyone knows that. But it's about aligning the incentives.

30:29 Meaning, if you want to get someone to work on your team, it's so crucial you understand what the other person want.

30:36 Not what you want, what the other person want. And something which will also happen is the incentives change. And so that's why I today have a different team that I had six months ago.

30:49 Some have sticked, some will stick for another three years, some will stick for ten years. The same goes in the corporate world.

30:57 Why do people leave? Right? Incentives is the most important thing, and most important problem. So you have to think when you're going to go Paris and say, you want a UK friend to do co-boss for you.

31:11 What is his incentives? What does he want? Does he want to make money? So can you pay him for appointment?

31:17 Does he want to learn? Like, what can you provide to him back? So what is the incentive of a person doing it?

31:24 To explain what incentive means is like, why should a person do that? Like, why does a person want to do that?

31:31 What does a person want one year from now? Why? Why am I doing this in the first place? Right? And so you need to also ask questions to people, and I will tell you that the story of Anzo, right?

31:43 Some of you know Anzo he has been working with us for a long time, helped us when the school was in the first place, at first time.

31:50 And so our incentives were aligned, but after the school games, we realized that our incentives were not exactly the same.

31:58 They were not completely off, but I was like, I could not have someone in my board who is not thinking the same way or with the same centers as to why am I doing this and what's my goal as me.

32:13 Because if not, they're going to be conflict. And they will not want to work for you. And so do you not want to work for them?

32:20 And so that's what we decided to part ways. In my case, it was nothing bad, but I knew that in the long run, I would send them wouldn't get better.

32:29 They would get further off. So I wanted to take precaution decisions and decide to, to end a relationship there. But so to get back to how to find also people and team if you should do it alone or the team, you have to think what, to any, like, what can I do to get my business right?

32:50 Right? And coming back to the example. You just that word should, you let, you leverage network, you say one work of gyms, and then you find out that gym owners struggle females, right?

33:01 Good. You like, but I'm sure of females. Two choices, either you learn how to do email or you find a guy who wants to do it in over few.

33:09 The same thing you could do as a stable for media buyer. Now, don't f****** go and up work and find a media buyer there.

33:15 Instead, I think shit stories with this, do not do it. You don't want to base your business off of freelancer.

33:22 In Pakistan. Nothing against people there. It's nothing against it, right? It's nothing against anyone. But you want to have control of the business, right?

33:32 Because that's why, if you know a guy, if, for example, I know Philip is very good with him now, right?

33:38 So that's why he's also helping us with females, right? If I know he is someone super good with ads, that's basically how we find out that's guy, right?

33:48 So it's when you need someone, or you know you can't do something great. You can't find people to help you.

33:55 No, there's a fine line. And the fine line is very important, and I wanted to keep in mind. To not go and find, you could literally find, I have to know across the people who have for every single position a person, who they didn't make any dollar, any dollar, they had an appointment setter, they had

34:13 someone who was scraping needs, they were had someone who was doing a sales course, There was someone who did fulfillment.

34:19 They were like, oh, I run a nice business. How much am I making? $0.00, right? And here's the problem with that.

34:28 For you to be able to build a strong team, you need to have the skills. At least a base amount of skills.

34:37 Let's say, call calling. You should hire or not even hire. Work with a call caller if you at least know what the f*** is call calling.

34:44 Or have done call calls on the past yourself. I've done emails for nine months, so I know what it is to do emails.

34:51 Reason why is because then you know if the person is good or not, firstly, and secondly, you can benefit each other and help each other there as well.

35:00 But don't go and f****** replace yourself from the get-go, you shouldn't do that because you need to learn. Because leadership comes from knowing how, firstly, having an understanding of what the people do, that's why I'm saying you need to f****** do covers before you hire covers.

35:14 Because the sun and the thing is very, very cruel. But also know that, well, why did you hire him? Because I, one reason you don't have time.

35:22 Don't a reason you just shit it. And if that's the case, if you shitted something, you should usually know hire someone else.

35:27 You should do it, learn it yourself. So if it's you don't have the time, that's literally number one reason why you should hire people.

35:35 To be honest, you don't have the time, or you know they could do it better than you, but you have a good understanding of how it works.

35:41 There's a two ways where I would say you can hire you. Alright, because like, I'm- I'm- I email, I'm good with email, but I don't spend my days writing emails.

35:52 That's the point. I do have people- and at one point, that's the important thing in a team. I want everyone in my team to be smarter than me.

36:00 In some aspect. For example, Thomas being better at school community management. Right? Having more experience in that. My ads guide being better than ads than me.

36:16 And the end is exactly what you want to be, because then you can firstly learn from all of those people, but also have a very short team working together.

36:25 But before it comes into place, you have to get to step number one, which is also proof to that person that you're not stupid, right?

36:34 You have to figure that way, Paris, who would want to go work with you if you're full of shit? Or you're lazy?

36:41 You have achieved nothing. You don't make any dollars. Like, why should I go and do covers for you? If I, I know you're a guy, you're doing good, you're making some money, or maybe you're not even making money, but I know you're competent, you're hardworking, then I might, because I know it's just a 

36:59 question of time. But if you don't have all of those traits, that's something you're going to realize. You're just going to attract a bunch of shit talent.

37:13 Hi, I have a question. So, if I know a few people, I think would be, um, a beneficial connection, maybe in the future.

37:26 Uh, but not right now. Should I keep the connection warm in some way? Yes, yes, guaranteed. You just check up on people.

37:37 You're asking what they're doing. It's actually Benjamin Franklin. Who actually did that do absolutely best? When he grew up, any person he knew, and I read that in a book, he would, he would put in a note, content information, and he would put it on a box, right?

37:57 In every evening, he would put in any amount of the box, and I'd send them an email, give them a call, send them a message, anything like that.

38:07 By the end, That he got in from the Oval Office. He had over 10,000 people. 10,000 people in his box.

38:20 All of it. And that's like they say, it's the number one reason they got into, he got into the Oval Office.

38:27 It's because he had spent the time and just a little bit. It's like every evening one person checking with the people to say, hey, how you doing?

38:37 For example, we'll tell you an example with the agency on their friends. We just check up sometimes on the call, but this asks from what you're doing.

38:45 Well, you ask the people who are doing giving them life, life updates from your side to the other side. That's it.

38:52 If you know you can help them in some form of way, which would be easy for you to do, they can actually, let me introduce you to that person.

38:59 So you can also sometimes just do a quick instruction, which could better be beneficial to them. Let's say, for example, we have a friend of mine who is becoming a coder.

39:08 I know a bunch of coders asking them so much as well. So we're like, hey, here, get to meet the coders.

39:14 They have more experience. So we are providing value to him. Now of course, it's his choice to evaluate it or not evaluate.

39:21 But that's how we do our best to support him because then we have the connection with him. We can leverage so he can do coding shit for us.

39:29 Right? So this always both started. So I would just do it simple. Just check up on the people. Now, of course, you cannot check up on everyone, but just sometimes check up on people.

39:39 And I knew a friend who did that, which is just once in a month, he goes through his entire wantsublist, and just send a message of people.

39:47 He literally just can't be based, hey, name how you're doing, and he just checks up on the people. And then he just has a conversation, and that's it, once in a month.

39:56 And the people appreciate that, and they Bye bye, guys. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.


00:00 So, ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to LinkedIn Outreach. So, today we're going to cover the most important thing for LinkedIn Outreach and let's get into it.

00:10 So, the first thing we need is leads. So, let's go to LinkedIn and the first thing you want to do is go follow your bro, Leo Ferri.

00:21 Um, just go for it. Now, that being said, let's go into expecting leads. So, what do we need?

00:34 Let's say we need a roofer. Important to keep in mind is the description that the people have. So, I'm a roofer, right? So, then you have people.

00:47 And then you want to have location. You have about 77,000 roofers in f****** U.S. That's mad. Now, U.S. is way too broad.

00:58 So, you want to take Miami, right? Oh, Florida. Because you will not be able to, that's something you have to know, there's something called sales nav.

01:10 So, sales navigator. I'll show you how a new tab that will allow you to do more messages, right? And you have 50 emails per month and you have the sales navigator platform. Uh, I had it for a while, but honestly, it matters if you do a lot of outreach, meaning if you use automations, it can be useful

01:35 . So, it can be useful to use this. Sales now, if I had it for like four months, if you use automations on LinkedIn, because here you will see at a certain point that it will, uh, not show you more results, right?

01:46 So here you get your leads, right? So now you have these in Miami. That's a great thing with, That's a great thing with, uh, how would you call, LinkedIn is that you can have very high quality of leads.

02:14 As you can see, we're already being f***** by not having sales now, right? Okay, so now we want to still have the URL.

02:24 Right? And those, of course, those are in second connection, right? So those people you can message now, oh, Rufus in your estate, because now you have 77,000. Now for you to be able to message probably some of them, you need, um, you need to have a open profile, right?

02:50 Like they need to have an open profile. Uh, the profile members outside of your network has limited, have limited visibility.

02:58 Um, so the way you do it is, for example, this guy has an open profile, right? So it means he is also like, he's also pretty active.

03:09 So that would be a great lead to start off right now. Again, here. You have two options in terms of the script.

03:14 If you have watched the video above, you can go and take a direct approach where you just ask a question or you can go and compliment the f*** what he has done in his life, right?

03:23 So you can say, Hey, I saw you have been, uh, owning roofing thing for six years. Do you mind me showing you, uh, an idea I have to help you grow scale the business, right?

03:37 And you can even make this with a loom approach. So the way I highly recommend you doing this Wellington is you first set up a connection request, uh, so you message request.

03:43 So you send them a message, which is, Hey Bill, um, I love the work you do.

03:54 Well, it's a very deadly along those lines. So sorry for the power interruption. So strategy, make it simple. Uh, either, you know, nicely I've closed, of course, LinkedIn, either you make it very simple, which is you just ask a question or you do some form of like, Hey, I saw you have been a roofer 

04:16 for X, Y, Z time, right? And then, You say, Hey, I have some ideas that I would love to share with you and how I could maybe help you grow.

04:29 Is that, uh, if you're down for it, just let me know and I will shoot you a quick video, right?

04:34 And the reason you send that message first is because you don't want to spend time making a personalized video for someone that won't reply.

04:42 So that's why I love to have the icebreaker question first, because then you can go and once they have asked the question, you can ask them, Hey, Bye.

04:49 I do this, like, uh, I, I can record you a quick little video and then you want to, so you have a personalized approach to LinkedIn, right?

04:56 Because LinkedIn has a lot of restrictions in terms of how many messages you can send. Uh, so that's the strategy I would for sure go.

05:03 So you have a breaking question. Uh, so breaking question. And about those questions, let me quickly explain to you. Those questions are, neutral questions, meaning you, they can't judge whether you are a client, potential client, or you are an agency.

05:21 They cannot know it unless they go on your profile. Meaning when I ask, Hey, do you do commercial entry? Like residential real estate?

05:31 I could be a client. I could be a prospect. I could be anyone. Right? So that is very easy way, right?

05:40 Easy way to get a reply, just have a neutral question. And then, then you go and say it on LinkedIn.

05:47 Uh, you ask, ask to permission. All right, it's all good.

06:01 It was better to ask permission because they filled out their authority, right? And now for here, it's very simple. You just go over.

06:10 Let's say you do marketing, right? You do Leech and Facebook ads. They're just going to say, Hey, uh, Leo, look, I was going over your profile and I see you helping coaches and agency owners or whatever the f*** you're doing.

06:22 And, uh, I was actually going to, uh, uh, the ad library and, uh, I was searching for your name, right?

06:35 By the way, I'm showing you this live. You can use this as a, as a selling point. What's the guy called?

06:44 do for so those you also have to look into the f****** page of the people. So, Hey, I was seeing your, you do run ads right now, but honestly, I feel like they could be performing better.

06:58 So I got some ideas. I would love to show you, um, that I think if you would just implement them, you would probably get way better performance.

07:08 Uh, so if you don't for a quick chat, uh, I would love to show you exactly what the ideas and you can already pinpoint one.

07:11 Uh, for example, I feel like you need to let more white space because it needs to be easier to read, uh, also keep it short, right?

07:19 That's like one of the things I would do, but then there's way more that we can, of course, uh, ideas that I would love to show you how exactly, uh, you could implement it.

07:27 And then of course, if you want to have my help, I'm more than happy to help you in doing it, right?

07:31 That's it. You just send them a new video. If they don't run ads, say, Hey, I was actually searching for you on meta face ad library.

07:37 But I couldn't see that you have run ads or I've seen you run ads 10 years ago, but I haven't seen you running ads since then, like, for example, you haven't run ads since November, um, have them be performing shit or like, when I look into this, they, they might have not been performing well, uh, and

07:54 then you just, you know, whatever you f****** speak, you just make it personalized, right? And then you send them the loom after you've gotten their approval.

08:01 Why would you do Because then you know that they're most likely going to watch it. So you're not wasting your time.

08:05 So you make a one to one to two minute, two to three max minute long loom video that you send over to them, right?

08:13 Again, manual, you can make the initial message more personalized, right? Instead of just asking a generic question, you can ask a bit more personalized questions say hey do you work Do you do new jersey only or do you also do all parts depending whatever the f*** it says in the linkedin profile, right

08:33 ? If you do automate it, like I said, uh, i'm going to give you a tool called hey reach i've used personally uh pretty happy with The tool and uh, you can basically automate the entire process of sending messages, right?

08:49 And we're happy with had very good open rates and reply rates. So we had a 30% uh, connection request, acceptancy and a 30% reply rate on cold message.

09:00 So that's pretty good. All right. And then, like I said in the last video, if you have not watched it, please watch it as well.

09:06 Latency period. But before I go into latency period, I wanted to keep in mind that you have to understand do your niche research.

09:14 So you know where your client is, right? And what platform he is. Like a lawyer is most likely going to be more on LinkedIn than he's going to be on Instagram, right?

09:21 Or even on Facebook, right? So then you have that. And then you have the second thing, which is latency period. Again, I will repeat this.

09:32 You can't hear it enough times. You have to wait at least 14 days to see results from your DMs or emails.

09:38 It just takes time for you to build up enough volume so you can actually see results from the work you have done.

09:44 So you can't send 25 DMs and say, Oh, it doesn't work. Even if you say, send a hundred DMs, you have to send DMs daily consistently for 14 days.

09:52 And then you will see results and you will see it first replies to first conversations is actually converting to meetings because it takes time to not only put it together.

10:02 Get to first reply to initial time, but it also takes time for you to have a conversation and get them into an appointment and for you to get better because you suck at the beginning.

10:10 It's just what it is. So that being said, that's the most important thing as always, you're going to find my LinkedIn down below and you're also going to find, um, HeyReach.

10:19 So I have been able to get a partnership with it so you can get a 50% off. So instead of paying 80 bucks a month, you only pay 40. Uh, you have to use my affiliate link for that.

10:28 Uh, if you want to use a different software, feel free to use a different one, but there's no single as good software for 40 bucks per month, right?

10:36 Uh, that allows you to import leads or LinkedIn actions, unified inbox, you name it. Uh, it does everything, right? So you can, your accounts don't get banned, uh, which makes it so much easier, right?

10:48 So you can connect your LinkedIn accounts. You can add leads, you can make campaigns, basically, uh, and sequence, you can create sequence like post message.

10:59 You can f*** around with this as much as you want, right? And then this is pre-automated. All you got to do then is go into the union box and there you go.

11:09 Then you get the replies and then you just have the conversation. Going on here, right? You don't need to log into your LinkedIn anymore.

11:18 So I hope you learned some stuff today. If you have questions, please do not mind reaching out, making a post in the school community and just tagging me with LeoFairy.

11:32 And then I will most likely reply to your message. If I don't, just tag me again. So that being said, I hope you learned You're not as tired as I am because I haven't had much sleep I hope you have an amazing day and I will see you in the next one It's time to take action.

11:46 By the way, you're gonna have actionable steps under those videos Um, so make sure that you also do those steps so you can keep having progress along Watching videos so it's not only watching but it's also doing See you


00:03 So, wonderful good morning. So, today we're going to cover IG DMs. And, why that? Because you need to know how to book appointments with IG, right?

00:12 It's platform-wide differently, right? So, I'm going to do the same thing for LinkedIn. By the way, Facebook, I would say is also different.

00:20 So, I'm also going to cover Facebook quickly at the end, right? To explain Facebook as well. So, the first thing we need is we need leads.

00:29 Okay, I have to quickly pause my blocker, my IG. So, the thing you want to do is you want to go to IG and now, very, very important, you want to Go follow me, leave a fairy the biz, right, if you want to later on start a content, this is a good way to, to get some inspiration, like, to see what we do

00:55 . Ah, but that was not the, that, that was not the point. So, let's say you work with gyms. I need you to think about, now I'll write it down here, who is a big influencer, targeting Thank you very Okay, we'll give you an example.

01:15 In my case, this would be Imangazi, right? Now, out of 2 million followers, are all of them going to be agency owner?

01:24 No. Ultra humble Australian. You call this humble? I love it. Uhm, but, now, Flowsy, the people who use Flowsy, most of them are most likely going to be agency owner.

01:44 Because you get that when you purchase this course, right? Well, Educate, 33,000 followers, most of them, most likely agency owner, right?

01:53 Now, of course, you're never going to have 100%, but, that way, so if you would need a lot of this, I would take it.

02:00 Educate, right? If you want to have less, but more quality, I would start with Flowsy, right? So, that way, you could just use someone's audience, and I'm going to show you what it means.

02:17 Now, there you go, there you go, leads. So, what do you do? Now, you can literally start doing outreach to those people.

02:24 Right? Everyone with, let's say, open profile, you can usually message, right? Now, I would recommend you doing this on your phone.

02:34 There you go, you can message this guy, right? This, this guy is weird, he posts, he reposts, he mongasses videos, So, they teach boxing?

02:47 Okay, this is crazy. So, now, this becomes your email list. Now, if you want to export it, there's this extension you can use called Growman IG, right?

03:00 Uh, so let me find you the name. Growman IG email extract it. No, it doesn't extract emails, it's bullshit, but, It extracts information, right?

03:15 So, let's do it again. You download the extension, and now you can just take the person you want to follow.

03:24 Okay, let me do it like that. Just be aware, I wouldn't, if you can't create a second profile, I wouldn't do it for my main, uhm, Instagram profile because you can't be f*****.

03:36 Thank Right, so, extract followers, followers of, educate, detail, maximum numbers, like, let's do 50, right?

04:01 Perfectly, let's try it again, so, oh, let's start it, maybe it's just an error code, but So usually this would work, uh, just put in f******, maybe you just have to put in a name, who knows, uh, I'm overwhelmed with it, but yeah, that becomes your email list, now let's say you target gyms, who do you

04:36 want to target? Gym lounge, gym lounge is followed by 90% gyms, these 90% if a little trip, if you really need want to have gyms, just search gym, or even more specific, gym owner, right, they know you will for sure, or you can even search just owner, right, gym owner, gym owner, gym owner, there you

05:05 go, that's money baby, right, and so now you can reach, start reaching out people. And again you can use your grown man to scrape the leads for me, right, actually let me, uh, change this to, I will redo it with educate, because I think I just did a stupid mistake, there you go, so now I'm just gonna

05:32 put in the name, there you go, I think this should do the job, educate, there you go, there you go, and here it's gonna start getting out of the bio, the posts, the followings, everything, right, out of the people, and you also know if they're private or not, because if they're private, you cannot, usually

05:58 not DM them, if they're open profile, you can DM them, right, awesome, now we got leads, question, who is your biggest influence at your target niche, that's the thing you need to know, and then think, is there somebody, uh, someone or something, Only the only the niche follows because that's something

06:27 you're going to be aware of if you want to target local, like, local, in New Jersey gyms, this can become hard, and you might have to find, uh, New Jersey coach, right, or somebody goes, say, you can go and find, let's say, in New Jersey, you find a big, uh, public figure, like, uhm, a governor, state

06:48 governor, or whatever, like, I don't f****** know in the US how to do it, uhm, and then there you will search, after scraping the leads, for gym owner.

06:57 This is going to give you way less leads, but if you want to be niche-specific, like, location-specific, it gets hard, but if you want to target, like, nationwide, or just US-speaking, uhm, or general, yeah, US-speaking, most of the US, then you just have to find big, uh, uh, influencers in the US.

07:15 Of course, not everyone is going to be perfect, but that's why we're coming to the strategy, right? Now, it depends also if you do it manually or automated.

07:25 If you do manual outreach, you want it to be as high-quality as possible. When you do it automated, you want to do as much volume as possible, right?

07:32 Meaning, you neglect a little bit of you integrate a little bit. Quality, because you have way more quantity, right? So, we're going to start with manual.

07:45 So, the strategy I was already explaining in the last video. There's a very simple bait strategy, which is basically, you just go, in this case, uhm, I could go to this guy.

07:55 Of course, if you, uhm, let's put it like that. Of course if you, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... This is, would be my, like, it took me 2 seconds to get it on my head, just the initial question.

08:34 Break it. Because the thing is, like, when you get a message, you will see on the request, uhm, in this case a personal profile, so you won't see it, but you will get a bunch of people f****** sending you in the f****** first message.

08:47 You're never gonna reply to that. The reason why you need them to reply is because then they will get a notification once they have accepted your message in reply.

08:55 Now, if he replies, yes, I'm an agency owner, how about you? Then you can make a conversation. You can go into sell because now he's supposed to be way more active.

09:03 He's going to get a notification that it's, uhm, actually open, right? And that he will get a notification that you have sent him a message because when you send him the first message, usually done, right?

09:16 Very big, very strong. Now, if you do on the other side, automated, that's more when I would use a lead magnet, right?

09:23 Then you can say, Hey, Xavier, uh, as I saw you follow educate, I guess you're an agency owner. If you are, I made this lead magnet for you, right?

09:32 I make this, um, I'm giving away my call calling script. If that's something that you would love, just let me just rip off.

09:38 Yes. All right. So big that now this one is always going to perform higher. This can't be more manual work.

09:46 So if you start doing 120,000 DMs per month, then you might want to go to a lead magnet. All right.

09:50 This is literally how complicated it is. It's f****** easy, right? You're like, Oh, I don't know what to do. If he replies, have a conversation with the people.

09:59 If he tells you he's not an agency owner, don't worry. If he They'll see. He's an agency owner in this case, or he's a f****** gym owner.

10:05 Just ask him, Hey, um, where are you based? Cool. Awesome. Uh, and then after you have asked one or two breaking questions, very important, then you go into what do you actually reach out to, right?

10:18 So action, then this, I'm giving you an example. Um, actually the reason I reach out to is because, um, I really love the work you're doing.

10:26 Doing a new gym. It looks like you have a f****** awesome gym and I want to help you get more clients for your gym, right?

10:32 Uh, and then you can quickly say what exactly the system you have. So basically we have a lead gen systems that I would love to show you how it works.

10:41 What do you think? Do you think it's worth a chat? And then you go into the pitch. It's not that hard and it's just a lot of testing to find a different script, right?

10:48 To give you an example. This is how much testing on the ads we do, right? So this is demo the f****** ads we test.

10:56 So don't tell me that you can't test f****** two Instagram scripts, right? And it's going to take time and something I will actually mention here is latency period That means that if you start DMing this guy today, you won't see f****** results ASAP.

11:12 In DMs and in Emails and everything else it takes a two-week delay for you to build up a pipeline of enough people Where you have a percentage that's going to reply to you So I think the limit also in IG to keep that in mind is 25 DMs Today right Now why is this super crucial and if if it's warmed up

11:35 you can go up to 40 40 50 If, uh Right and now Why does this matter because if you add 20 if you send 25 DMs That means it's like if one person will reply you would have a one in like you would have a 25% Reply, sorry one in five that would mean every single fifth prospect would reply to you, right?

12:02 Very unlikely. Okay, the math didn't make sense. Sorry, you would have a 5% reply rate whatever Way too high so you can't expect that especially in the beginning now What happens if you have sent seven days times 25, right? It's too early in the morning Don't ask me then you have a hundred seventy to

12:22 five 200 225, right? And so you start building up a pipeline of enough people So you have to give it time and the latency period is 14 days So you just gotta stick to something and just do it for 14 days.

12:37 It's not that f****** hard Just say i'm gonna send 25 dms for 14 days, right? But more about that next week so Facebook facebook is a little bit different and still very similar Right, you still want to have the same approach in this case But the thing you want to change is that you most likely don't

12:55 want to find big figures You probably don't have big figures on the other side Okay, let me figure out my password really Okay, f****** take- took, f***, five minutes to just get this password Sorted, forgot my password Now, where's the big benefit here? Here you have groups No, no, this is a It's also

13:38 depending on what I told you, depending on what niche you target, they're gonna be more active on Facebook, on Instagram, on LinkedIn, right?

13:47 Let's say I want to target agency owners, well, I have, for example, agency groups Now, as you can see, this group is really dying out, uh, but, yeah, a bunch of people One, two.

14:02 flex, but, here, this is a group of agency owners. Now, I know this because this is a paid program, right?

14:11 Now, you can still search on Facebook, you go to groups, and you search You should be later so Jim's There you go You just find groups and then you join the groups and then you exit the shit Jim's right You access this shit groups.

14:41 That's something you have to understand No, I think group is good. No, like some of them for example new roofing and side contrast.

14:47 Let's take this an example, right? You're gonna have some times groups with a bunch of shit going on, right? So, you will see some of them are great Ah, this one seems to be having some quite roofers in it, which is actually great.

15:11 Here you would actually be able to find Rufus in this group. Right, besides this f****** Helen, which is pissing off everyone.

15:19 You have real estate selling and shit like that, but you do have some kind of Rufus. So here, this could be a good group.

15:27 No, it doesn't matter. Every group is great, but you want to find it for your niche. It's something you can do, right?

15:33 So, that's for Facebook, and then you just message the people in this group. If you want to make a personalized approach, right?

15:39 Just, let's take as an example, uhm, let's take one. I seem to be a Rufa. There you go. Now, out of here, you just message them, right? And then you can, we do the same approach.

15:56 Hey, I saw, uh, you run a roofing company. Do you do residential or commercial? Just ask a question, open a new question, probably the easiest, or you can just go and f****** do research about there and then send them a super personalized, oh, I like a jerk-off message.

16:12 You can do that as well. Depending, I wouldn't do it on Facebook and I wouldn't do it on, uh, I wouldn't do it on Facebook and I don't, wouldn't do it on IG.

16:19 I would maybe do it on LinkedIn. So this is to speak about, uh, IG and Facebook. I hope this answers some of your questions and, uh, yeah, I will see you in the next one.

16:31 Time to take


00:01 Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. So today I'm gonna cover the fundamentals of TM outreach Just to let you know if something is the people f*** up the fundamentals.

00:12 They never f*** up the specifics Okay, because everyone can figure out the specifics if you just put enough time. The hard part is to actually figure out the basics So that's what I'm gonna cover and explain to you what you need to be careful of in the And then we're going to use that as a work ground

00:27 to then build up our DM strategy. So first you have the six step PGP framework. So first is a service and ICP.

00:36 So this is things you need to know before starting. So in the video previously, we spoke about niche research, right?

00:45 So you should do that. so you should know what you want to sell which could be a different product. Legion agency could be SMA.

00:50 What the f*** you want to sell depending on what they need, right? Into who you want to sell it. And next thing is the offer in USP.

00:57 Now, in this case, we're selling out. We give you a specific, we give you an offer. Just start to work for free.

01:02 And then later you build up a new offer based on the experience, on the testimonials, experience and all of that you have.

01:12 All right. So this needs to be clear. This needs to be done, right? So do not skip step number one, which is understanding what people want.

01:22 So how do you product market fit? And now there's step two. So accept to use the right offer and then channel number three.

01:29 That's exactly what I'm going to choose. So you have to think about, okay, do I want to target real estate agents?

01:36 What is the best way to target real estate agents? I don't think it's DMs. I think it's call calling because they get calls every single day.

01:43 And because they can't different differ between a call call and an actual customer client calling them up, they always pick up.

01:53 All right. So on the other side, if you're targeting, Let's see, big question. Corporal companies, you might want to do DMS on LinkedIn or something like that.

02:04 And that's something else to keep in mind. This is, you just have to find out where do people spend their time on, right?

02:11 And the next thing we're then going to have to choose is what platform, right? So if you target lawyers, you're most likely going to find them on LinkedIn.

02:21 If you do DMS, you're not going to find them on IG. You might find them on Facebook, right? So as, as I'm telling you here is depending on who you target.

02:31 And that's also something you're going to figure out from doing niche research. You're going to figure out where to spend the time, right?

02:38 Younger people usually will tend to spend their time on Instagram. On the other side, older generations will tend to be more on Facebook and LinkedIn.

02:48 That older generations tend to be more on Facebook and corporal tend to be more on LinkedIn. So now that you have that information, you have to choose which channel to use.

03:00 Now all of them are different, right? But we're going to keep it, like I said, to the basics. And then of course, come to the coaching course with me and I'm going to teach you how to do the specific nitty gritty.

03:13 Right? So the first thing is you want to have a lead magnet, something that doesn't work, that works the best is you having a lead magnet, like people don't want to be pitched your straight offer from the batch because that's what everyone does.

03:26 People want to either get something for free, something that they are interested in upfront or for paying, right? In this case, you could even collect the email address against the lead magnet.

03:38 So for example, what I'd like to do is to, in our case, give you a call calling script, right? So for you and each agency owners, we would give you a call calling script as a lead magnet.

03:49 So, Hey, are you interested in, Hey, I saw you an agency owner. Uh, I'm just giving away a call calling script to grow my network of agency owner.

03:59 Hey, something The census, and then you just give them the lead magnet, right? Against the email or in your case, you can give them anything related to the niche.

04:11 It could be a PDF, anything you can even trade for an email. So you will get the email as well.

04:17 So you can put it off platform where you have restrictions and then message them as many times as you want on emails, right?

04:24 Now with this strategy, See ya. I highly recommend you to test it and what's the most effective way to test it?

04:29 Go into groups. So LinkedIn groups, Facebook groups, and just put the lead magnet there, right? With our CTA. So you're not allowed to pitch anything in groups.

04:38 Usually you will get banned, but just see if you get engagement because if you do get engagement, that means is that that's something that people want, right?

04:49 If they do not want it, they will not engage. So that's the best way to do a lead magnet strategy, right?

04:56 Depending on also what you want to sell, right? So then there's the bait strategy, which I like a lot, works fantastically.

05:06 Here's the thing. You don't ever want to pitch your offer in the first email. As you can see from lead bank strategy number one and the bait strategy, you're not, you do not want to give your offer, pitch your offer in the first email because everyone does it, like, no, just don't do it.

05:25 Instead, you can use the bait strategy. So bait strategy is basically, you're going to reach out to someone. In case, for example, reach out to me and say, hey Leo, I've got a question.

05:34 Can I ask you something? Right? And then you will, for example, ask your question. Now, why does this matter? Because a person that has already replied to you, well, they have done a study on this, are way more likely to reply to you second message than they are to a first message, right?

05:55 That means is that if you already have started a conversation with them, even if you ask of a question. This is going to make your life so much easier, because then also you're not, and that's the first strategy I'm actually going to explain to you that works with debate strategy.

06:11 You're going to get more replies, initial replies, but you can also judge and spend more time on those initial replies.

06:18 So the people that reply, instead of you sending personalized email loom videos to every single prospect you can, just use a bait strategy, so you send a generic email, sms, dm out to everyone, and the people that then reply, then you can make a personalized strategy, right?

06:37 And so here's what I would do then, after you have asked me a question, you can say, hey, I actually have something to share with you, do you mind me sending you a very quick loom video of what I do, and maybe, uhm, that could be of interest to you, Thank you. Thank you.

06:49 Thank you. And you the answer, something that makes sense, and then you send them a personalized loop. So actually I was going through the Facebook ad library, and I couldn't see that you were running ads, and when I was going over your profile, social profile, they are not very developed, so I'm questioning

07:03 . Hey, do you only with live referrals, or whatever, and then you basically go into pane, and then you make it a personalized page.

07:10 This has been one of the strongest strategies working. Recently, and there's not many people doing it, because, well, most people don't do it, because they don't know it, right?

07:20 So I don't do a lead bank strategy, and then you're going to pitch, but if you want to have high performance, you ask an initial question, you get the answer, and then you ask them permission to show you, share them something like a personalized loop video, you're going to recall for them.

07:33 Alright, now this is also going to allow you to create, Create way more value, the volume, because you can automate the first initial message, right?

07:43 So we have a partner called Heyreach, right? I, oh, I think, I think, yeah, uh, personally, the reason I partner with them is because they're the best.

08:01 And I've spoken to a lot of them, but these ones are the most, um, uh, cheapest. And this is like, your accounts don't get banned.

08:08 This will allow you to automate DMs on LinkedIn, So in terms of the pricing, it costs 80 bucks per month, but, uh, I have been able to get a partnership, meaning I'm going to give you below this training.

08:25 Um, my referral link, because you've got to use my referral link. And so then you can put in the coupon code, which is 50% off, right?

08:33 If only works, if you use my affiliate link, very important, right? So, and then you're going to have heavy chair for 40 bucks per month, which is by the way, the cheapest on the market, right?

08:45 Wow, because no one does it for 40 bucks a month, which actually works, right? So, uh, and I've used it myself, so that's why I can tell you that it's going to work for you as well, right?

08:54 So, I don't even know if I can still see campaigns because it has been a while since I run. This has been really a long time since I started, uh, did the, probably beginning of January.

09:13 Oh yeah, there you go, uhm, so, we had a pretty f****** good connection request, uhm, and mails acceptance rate, so we had pretty strong, uhm, by the end of, yeah, last year, we did a lot more, but there you go.

09:29 So, 30% connection request acceptance, 30% message reply rate, So, this was very strong, that's very good metrics. So, that's exactly what I'm teaching you.

09:41 So, High Breach works very strong on LinkedIn, right? Depending on where your niche is. For IG, you can use automations, but, uhm, if I find a very good one, I will put it in the description as well, so you can utilize that.

09:56 Uhm, in the meantime, do it manually, so you can just automate, You can just copy-paste it into your message, and then what you do is you just, uhm, very importantly, you just then make Loom videos in a segment, email, right?

10:09 So, same thing for Facebook, you just do it in, uhm, manually in the beginning, and if you find a good automation to utilize it, then I will let you know, or if you self-find one, as well.

10:26 So, there's so much to DM outreach, and it could, I could run it on for hours, but the most important thing is that you first make a script, strategy, right?

10:33 So basically, hey, hey, I so I highly recommend you using the base strategy, if you have experience and you have already tested the Li-Ming chain.

10:50 You can utilize the Li-Ming strategy, we're doing that right now on IG, right? And then that's how you can use it, right?

10:57 So, this is fundamentally the most important things you need. And so I want you to get started with creating your own script and strategy.

11:09 Now, to give you a bit more ideas about the restrictions, I think you can set up to 20. 25 DMs per account on LinkedIn, right?

11:18 So those are going to be high quality on LinkedIn. Uh, on Instagram, you have the possibility to just make multiple accounts and that way you can scale outreach, like a tool we used in the past, but I, it's still on the building phases is outreach.com. Um, where your accounts don't get banned and all

11:40 of that, I'm going to let you know, it's a very strong tool. It's just, it takes like the developers that have been working on it for since two years.

11:47 Um, so it just takes time to make it very well. So that's why I don't want you to start doing that.

11:52 If I know that you're going to get banned. So once I have the problem resolved, I'm going to as well put the link in the description below so you can get cheaper access to it as well.

12:02 So. That being said, IG, you can make more volume, Highreach, LinkedIn, Qualified, like quality leads, right? And strong thing you can also do, like I said, is to lead magnets in communities that already will get you leads coming in.

12:16 Um, and it will also validate the lead magnet, then you can utilize to run paid ads or it can validate the lead magnet for the DM outreach.

12:26 So please let me know if there are any questions, then I'm just going to record more videos to this, but I think this is the most fundamental, most important things that you need to keep in mind when starting to do DM outreach.

12:41 So, as I said in the last video as well, when you got a question, just join the coaching course and work with me and I'm going to teach you and we're going to go over the nitty-gritty, review your scripts, review your offer, blah, blah, blah, blah.

12:54 Hope you enjoyed it. Let me know if you have more questions and I'm going to record more videos to explain to you and then we'll see you in the next one.

13:01 Peace.


0:00 So, look, before going into the exact DM outreach strategies that you all want to learn, you have to understand the basics, and something that I realised is the more money I made, and the longer I had been in the game, I just became better in one thing, the basics.

0:20 So, this is going to show you how to do niche research properly. And this is even a quick one, you want to spend a shitload of time understanding who your prospect is, because it's the person you're going to sell to.

0:31 The number one reason you don't sell is because you don't have a product market fit. A product market fit means that your product is what the people want.

0:39 So, how you know whether that's what they want or not is by doing niche research properly. So why do you need to care about that?

0:48 Niche research, because then you will create an offer that they want, you will know how the industry is going, which will also allow you to build trust and establish relationships on the sales call.

1:00 So understanding the number, you want to create offers with clear return on investment. And understanding those numbers is essential for creating good offers, meaning you want research the followings, the profit margins of the two.

1:12 Niche, the average income of company owners in that size, how much do the top players make, tools for researching industry financials, right?

1:23 And then there's one called, uh, for example, in real estate calendar would be, um, real estate forecast tariff, right? And it's called Oowata, and I used it back then.

1:36 Tune in to know how the pricing market is going in Canada, right? So you can even, uh, look it into the different cities, right?

1:50 So real estate, okay, well, that's not exactly what I want to stay, but they here under the Ontario housing market at this point, if I would do in Ontario, I would look at you here, how am much the pricing trends, everything, the loan prices, you will get to know all of those things.

2:09 So you want to find the same thing for you. So as this is a performance needed, you need to know the numbers, whether their business performing well, like you always think that your prospects are doing amazing.

2:21 Something you have not realized yet that I will tell you is that most people don't make money. So they run a business, but they don't make money.

2:27 So if you know the numbers of the industry, then you know, if the business performing well or underperforming or under charging or whatever, what the level they are at, so you know, if your solution is a good fit, right?

2:41 If they make 25 million profits annually, then you, if your lead gen strategy might not be the best thing, you can still pitch them, you will still see if they get it, but usually they can spend 10k to ads per month, right?

2:52 So, and on the other side as well, if they're just like a recent agents who have signed two clients last year, right?

3:01 He is happy because he made his $40,000 of commission, but there's still less than minimum wage, but you don't want to work for a person like that, right?

3:09 So This is cut trigger number one and it will give you a really cheap cut. And how to do this properly, you want to go to something called, um, Plex, perplexity AI, right?

3:22 So now what you're going to do is you're going to put in all of this into perplexity AI. So, hey, uh, I'm doing niche research.

3:37 Let's say, Canada, can you please go to create?

4:01 numbers, 2025, as possible, also, send, give me the links, links to, reports.

4:15 there you go, now, why perplexity.ai, perplexity.ai is very, sorry, is very accurate, uh, in terms of looking at, for example, sites, you know, so they're not gonna basically, like, gpt, go and say, hey, this is what I think, instead it's actually gonna look into, like, see how much is really important

4:49 , learning, etc. So this is crazy good, right. So, based on results, profit margin, right, so decline in profit margins are 80%, and here you can always go and read it, right, so you can just go on the terms and then just read it, right, so you can also know whether source is a trustable source.

5:12 Average income. Okay, right, so that's the top executives, so the best players make 300 grand, that means the rest makes less money, right, uh, so here you can see industry tools, real data, so here he's giving you the analysis, but it's going to catch you with number two, understanding industries and

5:59 people, under, under, identify and understand the pinpoints. Never use AI. We do this to figure out numbers, not pain points.

6:04 Research the biggest place in the niche, in terms of coaches, consultants and marketing agencies. Look for coaches in the real estate space. Look for consultants or marketing agencies targeting real estate agents.

6:16 Because, guess what? What solution do they offer? And, you can reverse engineer it, which is, hey, if I'm going to help you, you get 10 more leads per month, what's the problem?

6:29 They're not getting enough leads. If they say, I'm going to help you save 50 hours per week on marketing or whatever, then you know what the pain point is.

6:39 They don't have enough time to take care of it properly. So then you reverse engineer the pain points based on the solution.

6:47 Again, you can even ask, you change your PT, uh, like perplexity AI, who is the biggest, who are the biggest coaches, consultants, and marketing agency for agency on, for reason agents.

6:59 And then you just, just check out the website, right? Build meaningful communication. You need that because you need to understand them because on a sales call, you have to understand them because if they feel like you can relate to them, they're more likely to trust you.

7:14 Also, you will feel comfortable because you feel like you actually know shit. And also asking the right questions related to experience, because then you can also ask them qualifying questions, right?

7:26 Like I was saying above, not everyone is performing as high as they should. And so you can ask them the question to find out if they do.

7:35 And you can speak the language. And because now that you know the patient, pain points, you can point it out.

7:39 What about your leads? Like how much time do you spend on marketing per week? Two hours. Well, that's not very f****** good because that's where your money comes from.

7:49 And then you can go to the pain, depending on what the pain is. Generating trust. Like I said, you need it to build trust.

7:59 So how do you also get to know more about the industry and people? So watching YouTube videos is a super good way to do it. So for example, you look up the day of a real estate agent, right? How to start a real estate agency or broker. Listen to the podcast of big players, uh, big industry players, right?

8:22 Go to average So this is just, like I said, podcasts, YouTube videos, and articles. If you just spend your time, a few hours a week researching it, right? You have like, even for real estate, what I found was, I think BBC, um, called it, I can't find it. Um, they were, they had a specific channel speaking

8:45 about real estate. Right, which was great, because then I could just learn from there, right? So this is how you do niche research properly, do not f****** skip this step and think you're so smart and because your dad works in that industry, you know everything, you don't.

9:03 Um, so do niche research properly before going into the next video. So you're going to find this doc below, do niche research properly, and I will see you in the next one.

9:13 Cheers.


0:00:01 super happy you made it to this page. Now here you are about to watch one hour of pure call calling training pure of gold so I will cover firstly a lot regarding the objections you get and also the mindset issues that you have Right, I will show you how to overcome them Why they're irrational and other

0:00:21 things like that and then secondly we'll go exactly to the exact call call script you're about to get below. We will exactly cover it step by step how to utilize it so you can become very successful.

0:00:33 Now, I'm teaching you this with over 250,000 call calls done last year to our best prime 25,000 a single week.

0:00:41 I've hired and trained over 90 people to do call calls and over dozens of students to become very, very successful So if you can't focus for one hour, so you can become very, very good appointment booking.

0:00:55 So you can actually sign clients by getting more sales calls. I'm going to be honest. You don't deserve to make 10k. So if you're not going to watch it before, please click off.

0:01:04 All I want is to commit to watch this one video in full so you can get actual results for your agency.

0:01:11 So I hope you enjoy it. And I'll answer. Let's get into it.

0:01:14 we going to speak about today? Beautiful call calling. So, first, I want to clarify one thing. I know you hate it.

0:01:30 Secondly, congratulations. I feel pity for you. I'm so sorry. I'm really like it's so bad if you're so bad for you that you don't like it and you don't want to do it.

0:01:50 But here's the thing. If you want to make money. make money fast you need to learn to cook all and here's one I was actually speaking a person I will give you this one life hack like honestly I won't please pay attention if you are broke like brought f*** broken completely can we pin this mile book or

0:02:22 is it already pinned? If you're broke as f***, I will tell you the fastest way to make money. I will guarantee this is the fastest way to make money.

0:02:34 So, you learning call calls? Well, if you're from going broke and I guarantee you this, because two days ago, I spoke with a person and he's gonna do that.

0:02:44 And I pray for God for him that he's actually going to do it because this can save his ass. Here's the deal.

0:02:52 All of the businesses have existing customers or all customers and there's a very, very simple service you can provide which is database reactivation.

0:03:04 So what you will do is you will call up so you can call call all of the database which are better way warm needs so that easy to convert.

0:03:13 you can charge a low base fee plus per appointment that you booked him and he's the thing all you f****** need is a phone to do this right and all you day long you will do one thing which is on the board you don't want to do it you hate doing it but it will prevent you from going absolutely broke we'll

0:03:38 help you make money and get out of that and whatever situation you are in you got a core core businesses.

0:03:44 You're gonna take a list of Google maps, right? At least you can use your f****** phone if you're in the same country.

0:03:48 You take your phone, you start calling the businesses, hey, I have this offer for you, right? That's what you, I'm rich, you can go over scripts and all of that stuff.

0:03:56 And what to actually say, if you know how to do core calls, you will not go broke because it's awful you do, it's just, hey, you do core calls, so like what you're doing right now, you go to call call businesses to pitch your service and what will the service be?

0:04:12 The same thing you just did to them with this call call the database is a call up the database to get them appointments and here's the thing usually that's the highest converting office that makes most money to fathers but if you see people saying like I'm 90K in like 30 days my leg local businesses 

0:04:31 usually comes from database reactivation because that's people who already paid you. There's people who already knows you. It's very, very easier for me to sell one of you again than it's to sell stranger.

0:04:44 So by the way, this is an amazing marketing solution you can have for businesses because most businesses already have clients.

0:04:51 So just selling the same clients again is a beautiful thing to do. So if you hit rock bottom, pick up the f****** phone, call up I will call up your entire database and all I want you to do you is pay me 200 bucks 500 bucks to do this for this entire right and $50 per moment right or whatever is fitting

0:05:17 to that local industry right if it's real thing if you want to Procote you already know this stuff right So just take the minimum you need to survive like usually take the minimum you need to survive They say $500.

0:05:31 Hey call up 500 like can you pay me $500 based and I will call up the entire need date I will call up two thousand needs in next week Right You have one kind to pay you in all you do is cocoa.

0:05:43 No, you're gonna You can hate it, but here can tell you what is the thing if you are broke as f****** you end up This is how you make money quickly.

0:05:51 This is just the only cheat code that is to money It's just doing the shit nobody wants to do Right, I will tell you, another job where you always make money, taking out the trash, you know, those like wagons, if drive around the city, you always, always get a job there.

0:06:08 Nobody thinks of that, that's just because nobody wants to do it, but there is always money where people don't want to do stuff.

0:06:15 So, by the way, this is a little side note, if you want to make money quick because you need money, do this, call up local businesses, offer them to call up their database, like minimum cost, if you have like literally 200 bucks or whatever you have, you just call up the database, right?

0:06:31 This is simply what you can do. Now, as I know you hate it, you don't want to do it, and you got to have to do it if you want to make money.

0:06:39 And I will explain to you one thing which is super important. The reason you have those first thoughts, right? It's because of one single thing, which is you, because you ate two simple things, Like, honestly, all of the humans do it, hate rejection, I'm typing German, beautiful.

0:07:05 Hate rejection, fear call calling, which is literally the biggest reason why people want to call calls. And then we have more like more mindset issues like you're too comfortable.

0:07:26 And then the fourth thing is you just suck at it. You're like okay bro, he just said for the last five minutes some random words which now I don't f****** know what to do with it.

0:07:42 So I'm going to go through the steps and through the things one by one and I want you to realize the number one reason Like people don't do causes just need to put us to things right so if you can get those two things out of the way And I will tell you usually the fastest way here's the thing right and

0:07:59 I want to explain something funny which is You probably all have here those overnight success like the people who started like under the bridge right and from the under the bridge they became a millionaire in like 12 months right or I made like a hundred pay in 12 months right you probably have heard

0:08:17 it all and again to say it comes back to the reason which is why people do stuff and I will explain the most simplest reason why you're not making progress or you don't make money and I want you to understand and think for it this is you today and you're happy, very important, you're happy.

0:08:41 Meaning, that's a current situation. Now, we're going to take, let's say, a battery to illustrate the example, and that's going to be the battery of pain.

0:09:00 So, the amount of pain you have, right and that's future you let future you right and now there's something called the in-between and in-between that's change and we'll all make sense soon and change has a certain pain very very very very important that you to understand this.

0:09:26 So your current situation has pain and your future situation has pain as well. Understood? Meaning, if your current situation has pain and changing as well as pain, you're gonna choose one.

0:09:43 And let me explain something. Humans, and that's also why you know that office work, right? Humans run way from pain.

0:10:08 If you understand Lishi did one principle of humanity, you're gonna stand so much, so so much. Why do drugs? Why are drugs one of the highest, like, like most profitable and biggest industries worldwide?

0:10:25 Right? Coffee is the same thing because coffee is a drug as well. As we all hate it to say, admit it, it is a drug, caffeine, right?

0:10:33 They could team. These are the biggest f****** industry. You want to make money, p********** is as well, one of the biggest industries.

0:10:43 You want to make money quickly, go into industries. Why did you drug Gila make so much money so quickly? The customer's call always back and And here's the reason, because humans run away from pain.

0:10:57 And nowadays won't end run towards pleasure. And there's something called instant gratification where you have all hair. All of once wants the pain that we have right now to be alleviated as of now.

0:11:09 That's what we have people telling you, you're going to make 10k within 30 days. You're going to make 25k within 30 days or within two days, you're going to make a half a million.

0:11:18 Right? And it gets crazy every single day. but the same thing you have with drugs the same thing right that's why people start smoking right after you start let's see you usually that's how you start right usually you start drinking alcohol right and you feel bad you got a shit day shit week you broke

0:11:37 up with other part they're gonna be drunk completely oh and you're gonna be your friends they won't tell you hey take smoke this because you drunk you're gonna be inclined to say yes you know you're gonna start to smell.

0:11:49 Now this habits get over again now the friends you make do also drugs and that's how you come into this like cycle of death where you just see from there the amount of instant gratification you get is crazy as your mind got f***** like literally completely f***** and unfortunately I know a personal case

0:12:09 of it and it doesn't know as well. It's very very very sad to see. And you have people around your yourself that have been going into the drugs direction.

0:12:18 It's very, very, very sad to see. Now, to come back to your co-calling because this is getting very like emotion, like very mindset.

0:12:26 But you have to understand co-calling is like the simple reason why people don't do it because their mind is broken.

0:12:31 It's not accurate what you need to do to be able to do co-calling because co-calling in itself is easy. You like to show me the script.

0:12:38 I can give you the script. You will do 10 co-calls and then you're going to be scared and then you're going to stop and that's not the purpose of this course.

0:12:44 The purpose of you to actually get to your goals and for if you need to take action. Now, humans run away from pain towards pleasure.

0:12:55 So, not as you know, there are two pains that we have. Usually, when we want to make programs, there are two pains.

0:13:04 We want to make programs. So, this is to change in this direction, they shouldn't be any dogs right here. Change can also be measured in progress, right?

0:13:17 Important to understand is if you want to be made progress this could be for example you making mine, right? Are you being fitter, right?

0:13:24 So having like this nice beat selbst, right? You being a strong dude. Now there are two pains, there's the pain of your current situation and is the pain of change.

0:13:39 Very importantly, pain of change and pain of current situation. And I will tell you what happens. When the pain of the current, let me give you two colors so you can understand.

0:13:50 When the pain of your current situation, let's say is low, right? Because you're comfortable, you have a roof over your head, you have your parents that pay for your house, like rent, you have study, Whatever you have an income 95 income.

0:14:03 Why is it so hard to get off from 95 to let's say become an entrepreneur? I won't explain in this all makes sense when the pain of The current situation is low Yeah, I'm not that happy You know, I want to make more money, but the pain of change is As f****** big this is the pain of change because the

0:14:26 pain of change is you having to do exactly this You have to do vocals, you don't want to do it, you hate doing it, it takes up time, you feel like you're not making anything out of your day, and you can reject it all the time so you feel like shit.

0:14:43 Now this is where the pain of change is so high, and now I will tell you what happens in this scenario, right, in this scenario you see right now, that's what will happen, can anyone tell me what will happen in this scenario?

0:14:56 When the pain of change is greater than the pain of your current situation, what will happen. Daniel, put up your phone.

0:15:03 Daniel, what happens? Are you asking me? Yes. Then when the pain has become too great, you make a change for your situation.

0:15:15 That's opposite. But when the pain of change is greater than the pain of your current situation, what happened? I'm sorry.

0:15:29 This Fernando, when the pain of change is greater than the pain of your situation, what do you do? Reject the change?

0:15:45 Beautiful, exactly. Thank you, Fernando. So this is exactly what happens. If the pain, we again, that's why it needs to be understood.

0:15:55 Humans run away from pain into what's pleasure, meaning if there is more pain in changing than this pain in staying as you are, you will not change.

0:16:06 You have to understand this, this is exactly the reason why you're not signing clients faster than you think you do.

0:16:11 And now I'll give you the second example, right, which I also know from persons around me, right. If the pain of your current situation is as big, right, let's get even bigger.

0:16:23 Let's say you hate you turn yourself right because you're not happy with who you are you're not making any money you literally broke in next month you're gonna end up on a street you're being kicked out by a family or you're in f****** pain right you don't have a job you have no money you're actually

0:16:41 broke I will tell you you will not care you will pick up the phone and do 300 call calls and just to Exhibition example, a person I knew the pain of his current situation was so high The guy did 1,500 cork wasn't a single day for one week straight Now you think that's crazy.

0:17:06 It is it's absolutely crazy Because in this case The pain of your current situation is higher than the pain of change When the pain of your current situation is higher than the pain of change You will make progress so Super important to understand it no matter for what No matter for what and then that

0:17:31 has nothing to do with consistency This has to do with starting something in the first place the reason you start going to gym in the first time Why because you felt uncomfortable in your skin and And the pain of changing, so the pain of going through gym was smaller for you, and this is important subjectively

0:17:48 , meaning it's only for you, how you feel pain is very different from me and from someone else. Right, so that means if you want to get started, you have to realize that you can go f*** broke tomorrow.

0:18:05 have any one of you done the task I asked you to do it ask a home home this person and why they ended up on the streets has anyone done that please please do it I don't have to do it for you and I'll record it and I will send in community and I will you will be discussed I know a personal case the person

0:18:30 has had a $250,000 year in yearly lawyer, seven years of study, issued a perfect person you could imagine. He ended up on the streets.

0:18:42 I know him personally. I've met him. Now, if that is not a fun, f****** enough pain to move, to become something, to become someone that can earn money, then you really have a problem, then here's the thing, if you have no reason to change and all of you have a reason for your own business.

0:19:06 If you have no reason to be here, then stop pretending to want to have a business. If you actually have a reason of why you want to business and it's going to be different than what I want.

0:19:17 Being financially free, this can be to get out of poverty, to help your family, whatever What is it for you?

0:19:23 If the pain is big enough, understand that it's painful to change, but if you don't change your current situation, you're going to be there as well next year and nobody is going to care.

0:19:38 So, that means, how does you understand that you have to change? And the person who understands this, just call calling.

0:19:48 It's just f****** call calling. It's just calling a random stranger. It takes about to give you an estimate two minutes For a stranger to forget your name It takes two minutes for a stranger to forget your name.

0:20:04 You could literally call up a lead after five minutes again with a different name People would not f****** recognize it unless you have like the craziest Russian accent Right in calling the US As long as you fit in with most of you to you all fit in into the social class in two minutes they forgot your

0:20:23 existence. Like literally I forget most of you listen after hoping after call and you forget about me. Because we are we only care about ourselves.

0:20:36 And I maybe care more about you than you care about me but that's fine. right? So no Daniel love love you bro.

0:20:47 So now that's comes that with that being said what I want to realize you're gonna hate it but something you're also gonna have to learn is that in the meantime my corkals are fun you're like what the f*** how can your corkals be fun right how can corkals be fun Daniel can relate to this.

0:21:07 I wish you me on call calls and here's the first principle I want you to understand. I'm going to take the abbreviation of CC for call call.

0:21:21 You have heard me say that a million times. A million f****** times. See also the conversation. A call call is a conversation.

0:21:29 I think Daniel has like call calls to go 10 minutes. Sorry questions are going to be at the end for this massacre.

0:21:36 Thank you. The call call is a conversation. It's all just a conversation. If you see it as someone else and I will tell you that's number one reason why you don't look, right.

0:21:48 And here's the thing. I was actually watching a video and was like it's way easier a person to tell what not to do than it is to tell a person what to do, right.

0:21:58 So if you just avoid this f****** mistakes you will win. So first, understand you need a f****** reason. If you reason to do something, it's great in a new current situation because you understand that your life is miserable.

0:22:09 If you ever ask a homeless person how they become homeless, they didn't want to end there. And if they had more skills, they would have maybe made it.

0:22:17 They would have maybe had the chance to call up like the first thing I told you. If you know how to call car businesses, if you are good, call call is a skill you can learn.

0:22:26 if you process that skill and sales, let's say, you will be able to make money anytime anywhere, no matter what age, no matter what year we are in, maybe 2050, you can still make money because it's principles that you learn, so you will never go f****** broke again if you know how to make money to businesses

0:22:52 and the simplest way to do that is call calling because it doesn't take anything else like I would even say easier than co-calling is door knocking because you need a phone for that.

0:23:01 But if you understand co-calls you get to door knocking because this is actually thing. So actually co-calling is easier to face.

0:23:11 So if you understand that you actually have to learn co-calling and become good at making money and co-calls as a skill then you have to check out the first thing which is no matter if you hate or not you gotta do it right so this you can go as well now the number one thing that people do wrong right

0:23:34 they don't apply this meaning they between you are robot I don't know why to this I don't understand why people change their behavior completely in the cold cold I will tell you, cold cold is a conversation and some of you do it naturally Correcting right like Daniel I think you did 60 cold cold and 

0:24:03 got seven sales calls right because it's just natural you just have a conversation with people Because you actually read and you don't stop speaking.

0:24:11 It's just great right but for other people you're hoping in cold cold and you're that f****** nervous because you care too much.

0:24:18 And like I said, people forget your existence within two minutes, if you are stranger. Like, listen. For example, if you go walk in the city and you saw a pretty person or like an ugly person, you literally forgot them 10 seconds later.

0:24:34 Can you remember any case you have seen today that was stranger? No, you cannot because you don't give a shit.

0:24:41 They don't give a shit about you, unless they hop on a call with you, which is exactly what you want to do.

0:24:49 So if you understand that there is no reason to be robotic and change the person you are or to be scared of it.

0:24:56 Like I said, the number one piece, people don't do call calls in first place, it's because they're scared, they fear the rejection, they fear to interrupt people, these are not a fear people have, but to interrupt people.

0:25:06 And then on the call call, which is step two, if they are not themself, they fear speaking to the people because they fear being judged.

0:25:17 Fear of rejection, what does fear of rejection means is to be said no. All of you say, I don't care if someone says no.

0:25:24 You fear being judged. That's the actual fear behind it. Which is someone is going to think you're shit, someone's going to tell you to go f*** yourself.

0:25:33 Like this, I've hit all kind of crazy things from men to woman and all other kind of things on call calls which is that she discussed it right now do you care they don't care about you that's what it like that's what it's insulted you right because they didn't care about you so why should you so honestly

0:25:53 you should not care about a call call the only reason you do it is for them to help on a call right and a lot of people why I don't want to do Cocoa was because I don't want to interrupt people I don't want to interrupt a person like they might be like working or they might be in the meeting right We've

0:26:12 been interrupted all f****** day by our phone This you think about this Our phone is interrupting you every time always random people calling up Random IG messages likes oh don't be nice Now, this is the same for Coco, just accept the fact that you're interrupting someone for a good purpose, right, because

0:26:35 you want to help their business. So understanding this, this should remove the pain. We're going to write it down for all of you, which is fear and dissolution, right?

0:26:45 I want to write on the fear of just disturbing session interrupting, right?

0:26:56 And the solution is don't care. Like we are all being interrupted. Like really what I'm trying to get out of this call is when you just start doing it.

0:27:19 And not five call calls, not 10 call calls, which is disgusting Because it takes 10 minutes out of the day.

0:27:26 I Wanted to hit numbers like 100 or 200 calls to give you a reference in my our mental program where I was back then You had to do 200 call calls.

0:27:37 You had to do 200 calls per day to be not called a r***** and I complete it And a waste of time in it like you were insulted and Usually just kicked out of the call to give you a lot of comparison.

0:27:51 Easy growth. If you do not do a minimum of cocos, I think it's a hundred cocos per day. You don't get the guarantee, you know like the 5k money back guarantee, the nice one, yeah?

0:28:03 You know that one? You have to do a hundred cocos per day. So everyone has to, I want to tell you to do it for good reason.

0:28:15 So, by the end of this video, I want you to be able to take action and actually understand it. Corcorning is not that bad of a problem and you actually just have to f****** do it.

0:28:26 Just do it. Just press the button and call. Just press the button and call. You can see, most likely, the first five-profess, it's probably not going to pick up.

0:28:36 And you're going to sweat on the first one and then after $2,000, you're not going to give a shit anymore.

0:28:41 The same thing for sales call, I eat on sales call, I don't give a shit about sales call. Maybe if I would sell something for 10k, I would care because that's my state.

0:28:51 If Alex Tomozzi are entertained with sales of people to 10k, they wouldn't care as well. If they would sell something for 10 million, they would care.

0:29:00 But the same goes for you, just understand that you current self, right? then you current version of yourself. Fear something that a future version of yourself won't fear.

0:29:15 So it makes you're obliterately the only person we're stopping yourself as you, current you, because future you, and I all want you to think about this.

0:29:24 Everyone, who you think are you going to be? Who do you think you're going to be when making 10K? I can tell you for a person who I am, which you're resilient as f***, you don't give a shit about most of the things, right, you have dumb crazy power, and now that has to come from somewhere, and that's

0:29:47 why I'm telling you, I don't give a shit that I could do. You want me to do 10 cocos now, and all of them are shit, I will do it, and I don't give a shit about it, and I have nobody to prove wrong, instead of myself, now that's the mindset you need to have to make 10k.

0:30:03 I can tell you it's just the mindset you need. Now you don't have it right now. I know because the people will have it or are closer to it like that and you're on other people just to give example.

0:30:15 They do the f****** call calls. That's exactly the point. It's just getting to this person that you need to be a certain person.

0:30:25 The person makes 10k has certain traits and characters you don't have and you need to acquire them and Corcos is one of the best ways to get them.

0:30:35 Allowing you fear Corcos you don't and you hate it but it's a very good way to be exposed to others to learn the skills of understanding that I don't give a f*** shoot me I don't give a f*** you see this in movies all the time but this is so true put a gun in front of my head just kill the shit out of

0:30:52 me I don't give a f*** And you have to take approach business like this because business don't care about your emotions.

0:31:01 The only person cares about your emotions is your self. Congratulations, you're pity for yourself, like I started this course, this video, right?

0:31:09 Smother class. You're pity for yourself, nobody else, right? So the fear of disturbing people don't matter because people don't care about it.

0:31:19 So, next fear, right? Fear? Or, what was it? And not rejection. You could call it rejection, if you want. Fear.

0:31:35 Ah, fear of. That's why I wanted to call it. Fear of judgment. And what guess what the solution is? I can already tell you what the solution is.

0:31:48 and you can't even see him on the screen. Adah, Anshul, tell me what is the solution. Who call? Practice. Getting used to it, running for the fears.

0:32:02 Yes, and what is it? So, you're called calling and don't care. Don't care. That's exactly the same thing. To the fear.

0:32:11 And there's, like, Liz, I like some words that you had coaching called last week when I joined as well, right?

0:32:17 he said the same thing. I like to say the correct it. You have to go through the fears. There is no other way because the person makes 10k is the the person who don't care about it.

0:32:27 Like Lishi, you want to magic? This is the f****** magic. This is just you have to do it. If you don't want to do it, then stop the f****** business.

0:32:36 Because he's the thing. Yes, you can book up on this with TMS. Yes with emails, you can book up on this with AI, but yes, you can all do it.

0:32:43 But you going to face the exact same issues on sales call. Now, yes, you can also sales calls. True. You can have to manage the f****** sales guy when he's demotivated.

0:32:54 You're going to have to push him. You have to keep him accountable. You have to teach him exactly what I'm teaching you.

0:33:04 So you need it. And that's what I want you to understand. There is no way around it because that's someone who is able to make 10k has those traits.

0:33:13 So you gotta learn them and the faster you learn them, the faster you actually do them, the faster you feel, the faster you face your fears, the sooner you will get over them.

0:33:24 And the longer you wait, and I can tell you this from experience, the longer you wait before doing call calls, for example, the worse it will cat, right?

0:33:35 Nibu, are you here? Nibu, is he here? Yes. Yes. So you didn't have to do call calls, right? No, no, no.

0:33:50 On sales call, did you feel nervous going on to the sales call? Did you not even tell me you wanted to cancel some?

0:33:57 I did the week before I don't only can now. I'll just go in the sales call leave if they don't want it.

0:34:05 I mean before joining the sales call right the first ones you got from us. Yeah yeah I was I was scared yeah.

0:34:10 Exactly thank you for sharing and that's completely normal by the way that's completely normal and he's the thing he is getting the practice on a different route everyone is getting the same practice and that's why Nibu has to learn it the same way and she has to do it through doing corpals right or 

0:34:28 Daniel, it's exact same lessons. So that's why you like what the f*** is he speaking about mindset, who is speaking about like co-course.

0:34:36 I could speak about self, I would speak exactly the same thing. I could speak about mindset, I would speak about exact same thing.

0:34:42 I could speak about how to keep clients, it's exactly the same thing. Some of you are being b****** to you serve, to your client.

0:34:51 It's like you have no self esteem. They treat you like complete shit. And the reason for that, it's because you don't know it yet.

0:35:01 And why did I treat you as shit? Because on a sales call, you make them this understanding and you tone that they could treat you that way.

0:35:12 So understand this, you gotta learn those lessons, you got to do it. So fear of judgment, don't care, do it.

0:35:25 you're like okay Leo great you told me not to care but I'm not at that point yet I will tell you how you get it at a point congratulations do it beautiful now that we have covered literally the most important thing and I honestly could speak for hours about this this is what you need to get started with

0:35:46 cover this is what you need to get started with the agent needs to get start up with sales anything. Now we have that set, call calling is a conversation.

0:35:54 So treat it more, right? Don't care. Treat is a conversation. Hey, Enzo. Hey, is this Enzo? Oh yes, awesome. So I just wanted to have 10 seconds of your time.

0:36:05 I don't want to sell you anything. I just want to hear if you open up for like a partnership or something like that.

0:36:10 I cool. Awesome. And you can see, you can start it. You can do whatever the f*** you can mispronounce words.

0:36:16 it doesn't matter right now it is important it should not be robotic and I want to speak more about that because that's that's the secret sauce you put here right where's the one to not need to secondly tonality articulation by the way if it's spelled wrong it's gonna be normal that's how we spell it

0:36:53 , by the way, from now on. Tunality, articulation. Script, slash off. Right. This is all of what I call for basic years.

0:37:13 Right. So, here's the thing. You need to convince someone. By the way, you don't sell the thing you sell on a call call is a mean you never sell your product So if you're trying to convince someone of your product on a call call you could be wrong All you trying to do is to convince To listen to you 

0:37:46 Fifteen minutes This is literally all you're trying to do. Did you know funny enough that you could run ads with a guarantee and on a sales call not mentioned in a single time all the people would forget it.

0:38:02 And the only reason for that is the people don't really listen to what they offer. All the important things that you convince them to hop on a call with you.

0:38:13 and the same goes for a cocoa. So, tonality, most importantly, most of you, I think I've already made a draft of it, but I want to thank you.

0:38:32 Ashel, you're going to be helping me because you know this. Ashel, what is this? I kind of forgot, but is it like inflexion?

0:38:50 Yes, upward inflection. Yeah, and then downward is. Yes, beautiful, beautiful. A girl that is paying attention, beautiful. She's making progress, I'm proud.

0:39:03 So, most of you, on call calls, speak like the worst words. The Englishian could say, I could replace all of you by AI call boards.

0:39:11 They will all be better than you. the relationship guarantee, besides one or two of you, and the reason of that is just because you speak monotone, why did we say that AI is shit?

0:39:22 It's because it's monotone. Now, AI is making the progress of not being monotone anymore, but all of you, at least you were said f****** AI bots, by being monotone.

0:39:37 What do you mean by monotone? I will give you examples right in the future we can do we can in the future we can do let's say if it would be illegal to do code so if they are then all of you wouldn't be allowed to call us because you're so f****** robotic haha now we could do in a future role place and

0:39:59 I will like speak about this in examples but because I think that's the most practical like advice and ask me giving you feedback on action to 90, I think like that because I know it helps a lot.

0:40:09 I will give you an example. My name is Liu. I'm the best Frenchman you have ever met. I'm so great.

0:40:18 You should always listen to me. You should join the community. You should be cool and whatever the f***. And just pay attention and since 2024 you are going to be lazy and whatever do you want to do.

0:40:34 Most of you, I've already lost because you're f****** putting attention to the chat so I know I lost all of your attention.

0:40:44 Beautiful, it worked amazingly well. I lost all of you in a f****** chat. Can we disable the chat because there are too many kids playing with the chat.

0:40:55 Why cannot turn off the chat? Anzo, can you turn off the chat for the kids? I'm going to try whatever thing we can.

0:41:05 Cool. Okay. Good. We lost the kids. That was the purpose of the example. That's because you monitor everyone, literally after the third world, you start paying attention.

0:41:17 Right. And this is so beautiful because it demonstrates so well what it actually is. So, tonality, upwards inflation, and this is going to be so crucial while you're around.

0:41:29 And I will make two symbols and explain what it is. What the f*** is he drawing? Whenever you have a question, oh damn, and I've been having a role place and it's super bad.

0:41:51 When people have a question, Leo, can you help me with my sales? Right? Leo, can you help me with my sales?

0:42:00 It's a very question, right? you could understand it. Now to emphasize the question, here's a very, very interesting thing you can do with a call call, script, call, call, call, script, do you have it?

0:42:13 Yes it is. Oh f***, why is it color way? My color is gone. Okay, we're gonna do it either way.

0:42:23 So by the way, everyone paying attention, you can utilize that script, but if you're working with the free author, you could change out to the fact that you work for free, right?

0:42:33 So I would mention that in the beginning. Now what I want you to pay attention. Here, you have an exclamation mark.

0:42:41 Here as well. Here is a dot. And I want you to understand one thing. To not see is just where you say what and your voice goes up.

0:42:57 Hey, is this Joe? Is this Joe? Hey, my name is Leo, statement, right? And if you want to become good at calling on it in terms of a skill, this is the first thing you have to understand.

0:43:13 When it's a question, you go up with your voice. And I don't mean you're like, is this Leo? This sounds gay.

0:43:23 Now you don't do that shit, but what you do is, is this Leo? You go up on the last word, you go up, meaning, what I've done with some of you, right, is mark the sentence in red and green.

0:43:39 Sir, hey, is this Leo? Okay, can you please put your true to the owner, is he free? Hey, I must begin to do the owner amazing so my name is Leo and we haven't spoken before Can you let you know what I've called?

0:44:00 Now my voice is actually crazy dad so it sounds super fun gay but that's besides the point Now the point of the example is what is the most important thing about a question is that you get an answer.

0:44:15 And what? Why do we do this? Very good point, Ella. Now, you're not doing vocals, so you don't understand, but you should.

0:44:23 So, that is, I love that. So that's beautiful. Do it again. Now, great. You want, why do you want to do this?

0:44:32 Because all of you and Tariq is our expert at saying statements. And why is it super important to ask question like Coco.

0:44:40 Why? Super important. Like we said, you are disturbing people. Meaning if you're disturbing people, people are not really paying attention to you.

0:44:51 Now, if you ask a question, what are we always going to do? Fernando. Yes, sir. What's your last name? Galas.

0:45:06 Beautiful. Thank you. When you ask a question, people answer the question and that's the exact point. So you want to make clear it's a question.

0:45:19 Most of you make it so monitoring. The people don't even listen. They're like on the roof, like a roof is like, yes.

0:45:27 Please, what do you want? Right? And you want him to pay attention. Meaning you want to make clear as a question.

0:45:34 And with the statement, right, and I will explain the two emotions, why do this, right? Explain. When you have a statement, why do you want to portray to them?

0:45:45 This looks ugly. It's conviction. My board is lagging, but that's the job. Cannot spell. From today on, that's how you spell.

0:46:18 Here's very white's important. you want to have especially here's the thing if people hang up on you in the beginning it's because that you have no curiosity thank you Angel you have no curiosity absolutely curiosity people don't want to even know and here's the thing right when local businesses get 

0:46:43 caught right usually just said hey We haven't spoken before. Can you let you know what I've called? Please put me off the list and hang out Now they don't even know what you have to offer Why because they already Sessed and already noticed that you are a cold-colder So they have no interest to listen

0:47:05 to you. No because you sound like a cold-colder. You are damn f****** cold-colder Here's the best example I'll give you.

0:47:13 The best call caller is not a call caller because all of you are and that's exactly why you should. So when you ask a question, you want the person to answer and pay attention so hey is this hello hello is this is this hello yes yeah it is now it has curiosity right because what the f*** why is he pronouncing

0:47:46 my name firstly so we so slowly right this is the small details if you want to become good at call course these are the small secrets you Okay, all right, this is this morning's secrets because tonight is the most important thing So when you ask a question This is how you get people past Hey, can I let

0:48:07 you know why I've called if you want people to pay attention to your statement to your author Right You gotta get the curiosity in the first place In content, there's something called the rook Right works the same way to get people's, you need to get people's attention and on the call call, you do this

0:48:28 with your tonality. You can always do this. Public speakers are extremely good at this. It's to get people's curiosity by asking the question and how you do that with your tonality.

0:48:44 You go up with your voice on last words. On a statement, when you want to portray confidence, you the opposite.

0:48:51 Let me show you an example. So we're currently working with Rufus and Tariya to help them sign more projects and it's going really well.

0:49:00 This is the clear statement meaning I go down with the voice at the end. It's a clear statement and it's going really well.

0:49:11 Can I let you know why it's working so well? Is that question? Small details, important difference. What we did back then is we tried to go as crazy as we think.

0:49:25 So what you think is crazy, right? In terms of tonality, variations that you have is not crazy. Actually, your estimate what is average and what is normal.

0:49:38 So, let me give you an example. So, we help our clients get face-to-face quotes with compatible homeowners every single month with no upfront cost.

0:49:53 Now, can I tell you how we even make money? Like, you want to know, right? Goes up with the voice.

0:50:01 People, yeah, of course, I want to know, like if I'm not going to pay a fine, BOOM! You get people's attention.

0:50:07 Very f****** important. The first thing, if people don't listen to you, and most of you never get to even pitch.

0:50:14 Out of one, we can even add this to the striking sheet. Who actually pitches the owner the actual offer? Not a lot of times, because most of them hang up before that, any booth, I really find it.

0:50:32 So, that's what, with curiosity, go up with the voice. Try to have Lichy have some kind of emotion in your voice, that's exactly what, have emotions in what, curiosity, try to get them to pay attention to you.

0:50:48 Lichy, I'm laughing to shit out of the call, so it sounds natural, right? I'm making stupid jokes, right. I've literally been on pause and said how do you get around gatekeepers?

0:51:00 I just told them to flirt with the gatekeeper and it worked. Yeah, I like work beautifully, right? Because it's just a conversation, it's just natural.

0:51:15 I think you're actually a human that you could have some interest. So, very important, we can go more into this because this is very, like, literally I cover like the tip of the iceberg how to actually do this, but I want you to know.

0:51:28 So, articulation, very important thing, when I review, especially from people from third world countries and second world countries that I don't have native English, we don't articulate the shit out of you, meaning people don't even understand you on call calls.

0:51:45 And articulation has also a second point, which is very good, emphasis, which you emphasize a certain word. We generate you face to face quotes every single month.

0:51:59 That's articulating every single word, which emphasize the importance of it. The better you get at speaking, the better you will become a cocoa.

0:52:10 The better you become speaking the better you will get a sales cause because people see that you know what the f*** you do and you're good at what you do.

0:52:18 Confidence, competence is also measured but you're marked by your ability to communicate with people. And I was before I got to the last one, right?

0:52:29 There's a word that all of you love, the non-existing word. Do you know which one it is? And you have amazing tonality in that word.

0:52:46 It's crazy. The variations we got of this word is crazy, right? We get variations like. So, right, all kind of variation forms are used so created, it's impressive.

0:53:09 I've literally, it has gone, I don't want to shout out to anyone because I don't want to hate anyone. I bought a course a few weeks ago, an agency course, to not look at a competition, but to see what they were doing.

0:53:24 I was watching the course two weeks' speech because I didn't have that much time. The only word I heard was, that was the Thai course.

0:53:35 It was so annoying to listen to it, I had so much feeling of wasting my time. It was just amps all over the place, shows if you want to show confidence.

0:53:47 And you say, Em, you're literally destroying everything. Your ability to communicate shows a lot of confidence. The problem is, most of you think that's being speaking nationally, right?

0:54:01 You think saying, Em, filler words is a natural thing. Oh, that's not something to do. People will get communicating, don't use a lot of them.

0:54:09 Right? I use those two still a lot. But M, you were close to never hear me say it. And to give you an example, on loom, I have less than 1% filler words.

0:54:25 Right? So understanding this is super important. So don't use filler words. And the best thing accesses you can do with this is friends and family, right?

0:54:38 What you do is you go through harmony and you tell them whenever I say M, you can slap me in the face or something like that, right?

0:54:46 Or just tell me that I said the word, right? I will tell you when you do it. And just by using that, unless you've had it so badly on call calls, on call calls, we had four hours a day.

0:54:55 When you would ask a question, and we can do it for a moment as well Wait for next for this call when you ask a question you say am and I notice it You have to say the question again without now.

0:55:06 You're gonna notice how many f****** times to say it's crazy And that why is this important? Why am I teaching you all of these things because like you need a really small things But that is what Makes you appear confident Because you have no use of the words you're confident.

0:55:25 You don't need to use them Because you know what you speak about, utilising silence. So many after stating the price you start speaking, you always speak to how a lot of everything.

0:55:38 It is like really, you just never stop speaking. The project doesn't even say something in a sales call, it's just you speak in 20 minutes.

0:55:48 And he's just laughed. He didn't even notice it. Because you were thin enough to pitch and you didn't even ask him if he's listening, right?

0:55:58 Stop using filet words. Very important. We'll help you sales and we'll help you call calls. Now, the last thing we're going to cover is the scripts, right?

0:56:07 Most important thing is you want to catch them in a big game. So, hey, it's this company name. Again, use emphasize.

0:56:16 Hey, this is Ancho. So, it's like, and sure, it's you, right? Next step. Are you by any chance the owner?

0:56:26 It's like, you're confused. If you're confused, they can assess whether or not your core color or not. Because you're just a confused person, which will help you get the answers.

0:56:37 If it's not, if it's a lady, usually, if it's a lady, by the way, usually, not always, is usually a gay keeper or front desk of anyone I call it.

0:56:48 You ask, hey, can you put me through to the owner? By the way, you cannot have any variations of this.

0:56:55 Honestly, I learned to script. I just call calls without the script because that's exactly the sense. To go is not for you to follow step-by-step the script for you to go and to have a natural conversation because the confessor made you then get on sales call is way higher, your booking rate gets way

0:57:14 higher. then you can confirm this. This call call goes for 10 minutes. So once you do that, hey, wonderful. It's clear.

0:57:26 We haven't spoken before. Can you let you know why I've called? You just want to have that you can use your product here like, can you give me 30 seconds?

0:57:36 This is a call call. I would not use that because all you want is basically to get them to listen to you, right?

0:57:42 So it's hey, do you have 10 seconds? That would be a very good where you are. Hey, just 10 seconds to listen on just do you have 10 seconds.

0:57:49 See, he says, yes, awesome. So, look, we're currently working and then you say you offer, right. Now, for all of you starting utilizing, I work for free is a very, very beautiful thing to do.

0:58:01 Now, you want to do this the first thing you hop on. So, when you speak, don't, the first thing say, hey, Daniel, I'm not looking to sell you anything.

0:58:09 I'm too shit to sell anything so don't worry I'm not going to sell you anything I just want to offer you something for free do you have like 20 seconds to listen to it that's what you can do because for free they have something that I have to pay for it right that would be the hook if you don't have 

0:58:27 any clients and you just speak very importantly All right, I'll add this script exactly. I'll ask you for the script.

0:58:35 I'm gonna put it in your community. Now You state your offer very importantly, you speak about the results. Nobody cares just one word about this being Facebook ads Lead generation.

0:58:50 You just see about the results, which is we are gonna get you face-to-face quotes with compatible homeowners who have the budget and intention to move forward with and we only charge you for a little free, which is the actual outcome of working with you to result.

0:59:04 That's all the care about. You speak up what you don't go into details, all you do is ask if it makes sense if they pay attention.

0:59:13 You can give a little bit more information, not much more, and they ask, hey, look, I'm a big believer in showing them a right-a-telling, do you mind if we can help on our call and I will show you exactly how we do it, 50 minutes so it can actually present to you what we do right make it easy make it

0:59:29 a conversation utilize the script right for call calls you allow to utilize the script because people won't see you utilize the script right and this is literally the key one-on-one what you need to know about call calls just start doing them because you're gonna get better over time this is simple you're

0:59:47 gonna suck your first how many call calls you gonna suck at them but only with self-call call as well as sales call, you're going to be 10 times better than the first one.

1:00:00 You have to do it. So please, by God's sake, pay the attention to what's said in the beginning. If you want to make this work, you've got to f****** do it.

1:00:09 You've got to do it. You've got to face a fear. And I actually just call call up leads. And I want to give you right after this the tracking sheet.

1:00:21 So make sure at the end, can you please repeat, I'm not referring to the email, right? And please confirm with yes, if you got the invite, which is also important so people don't get another meeting at the same time.

1:00:38 Please make sure with yes, to confirm the invitation. And would there be any reason why you couldn't make it to the call?

1:00:44 Important, objectionary, prehandling objection. And I would say, usually, no. This is awesome. Then expect. I expect expectations. We always like to hold up to our own expectations.

1:00:56 We feel we worthy. We have an ego. So expect this to be on the call. Thank you, bye. That's it.

1:01:02 All right. The last part is important. You want to get the email. You book the call call for them. You don't send them a link.

1:01:08 It's super mistake to do. Confirm with. Yes, the notation will get from me ASAP. And would There'll be any reason why you can do it, very important.

1:01:20 So answer, do you have any add-ons? Amazing. you did it! I hope you really enjoyed that masterclass. I'm going to be honest, I put a lot of effort in every single one of the coaching calls we have with our students.

1:01:33 So, as you might guess it, it is a coaching call and, uh, yeah. The thing I need to tell you is, it's good to have a call call script, even better to have the training to become good at call calling, but you also need a tool to do it, right?

1:01:46 And you might have heard of the tool called GoHack level. GoHack level allows you to do call calls in like all kinds of countries in the US, UK, wherever, but it also gives you a CRM.

1:01:56 It allows you to do SMS outreach, email outreach. It allows you to do service delivery for your clients, right? If you're not familiar with GoHack level, it costs $97 per month for, I think, one to three sub accounts.

1:02:08 So, amount of accounts you can have. Now, if you want to have more than three accounts, it's $2,000. $97 per month, right?

1:02:15 This will allow you to have accounts for you and all of your clients. I'm honest. I've never seen a successful agency without GoHack level, right?

1:02:22 Like I have students making over 10k per month. All they do and spend the day doing is GoHack level. It's an amazing tool.

1:02:28 Uh, we utilize it every day. Now, why do I mention it to you? Because we have built a community. As you can see this coaching call recording, you're going to have You those twice a week and even more to come.

1:02:38 And also we're going to provide you with GoHack level with unlimited account worth $297 per month. You can have as many subaccounts as you want.

1:02:47 We also going to give you our prebuilt snapshots. So snapshots is prebuilt plug and play systems for service delivery, like workflows, like CRMs.

1:02:57 We've already prebuilt stuff to make your life so much easier. Now, not only that, we also train you on sales, how to get leads, so much stuff, like how to make very good offers.

1:03:09 We train you on all of I've have a very simple rule, which is I have to make the best stuff for my students because we want to have the biggest and the best agency community out there.

1:03:22 Now, I'm going to drop the link to the community down below. And if you sign up within the next 72 hours of you getting on this page, you will get an extra bonus.

1:03:33 We're going to give you an extra 30,000 leads in the United States, which you can call with first name and that are qualified.

1:03:41 So you can get ASAP and start grinding off and become successful with your agency. could just check it out down below and have a look at a community.

1:03:50 And if you love it, join it. I mean, you're going to be part of so many successful agency owners, enjoy the community aspect.

1:03:56 And I mean, I'm out. I need to help you, so I hope you enjoy it and, uh, see you in the community.

1:04:01 Peace out.


0:00 Ladies, welcome to this video, because this video, I will explain to you how to make Whatsapp polling your craziest thing, and how you can literally send, uh, automated messages to a shit amount of people, like this, right, within seconds, and how to not get banned, and how to make money, right, and 

0:22 get people to a free community, uh, easier than ever before. So, you're gonna need two things. So firstly, you're gonna need to go to web.whatsapp.com, right, and then, sign in with your phone, right, so you're gonna get a QR code, you need to scan with your phone, uh, help you know how to do that.

0:41 If you don't know how to do that, well, find a tutorial, uh, how to use WhatsApp. Have on web browser, right, here's, I don't know, you watch a video, a two minute video about it, right, there If you, you'll just see a bit.

1:00 Now, if you know how to use it, we will need something called this. So, let me find it, let me open it in, Chrome store, View.

1:25 So, W-A-W-C-D, so you go to the Chrome web store, W-A-W-A-C-D, right. So, this one you want to download. Right, it will help you by automating whatsapp.

1:41 Oh, right. So once you have downloaded that, you will be able to add it to your whatsapp. You're gonna have to do three, two, three steps.

1:50 Pretty simple. Now, I'll explain how it works. Now, you're gonna get Here, you'll make a message template, right? You can either do a text one like, hey, Leo here, or a voice note.

2:04 Now, we want to work with voice notes, so here's the voice note. Hey, yo, Leo here. Uh, I just wanted to make you this quick voice note.

2:13 I know it's so random, we don't know each other, but I saw you were in the webinar of Iman, uh, or his masterclass, however you want to call it, and I was also there, but what I'm basically doing, I run my own agency, and I'm also helping other agency owners, and we are hosting, uh, also a free coaching

2:30 call today in our free school community. Like, absolutely everything is free, and, uh, look, why I reached out to you is because we want to grow it, uh, to network with even more agency owners, so, would love to have you there.

2:40 Uh, if you want to, I will send you the link, and you can, uh, register for free. Sounds cool? Hope you enjoy it.

2:46 Have a good day, mate. So, you can do something similar. You're like, okay, I don't know what I have to do.

2:51 Very simple, you want to say something like, hey, mate, uh, no, it is completely out of blue. Uh, I saw you also.

2:56 So, yeah, I do run an agency in XYZ niche, and, uh, I'm also part of a community called the Sales Revolution, which, uh, is for agency owners to help them sign more clients, and it's free.

3:10 And, uh, I would love you to be there as well, uh, because yeah, the host told us to invite friends, uh, who we think could benefit from it.

3:21 And, uh, I saw you in that webinar before you could benefit from it. Uh, so if you want, I can show you that link.

3:26 It's absolutely free. Uh, and if think you would love it. Hey, have an amazing day and, uh, let me know, yeah.

3:32 Cheers. Copy that exact message I just told you. So just press record. You allow this this time. Save the template.

3:40 You name it for as well. Dude, you're done. Now, you want to create a new audience, audience number three, customer list, and here you will upload a CSV, which Anzo will give you, right?

3:55 Anzo will give you a CSV file with phone numbers. Now, I'm po- Fortunately, you want to do different lists with maximum fifty phone numbers, okay?

4:05 So, you add a customer list, you upload a file, right? Just for example, right? Then you feel the map here, right?

4:16 Like phone. And name, you just put it first name. So, you always need to have name and email. But of course, you don't have the name, but that's fine.

4:25 Right? We're safe. I'm just gonna delete it because I already have it, so I'm just gonna take list two. And now you can go to block cut.

4:32 So, now broadcast, you will make a new broadcast and now here you will select the voicemail as template. Right? And then you will contact audience, select the list, time between message, you wanna increase the, So it's gonna take a bit of time, of course, but we wanna take this slowly.

4:54 Today. Now here's the important thing. Only send messages every 24 hours. So that means after you send messages, you need to wait 24 hours. For, to be able to send messages again.

5:07 So as soon as you finish, you need to wait 24 hours so you can send new messages again. Now very importantly, do not send random templates.

5:15 Make sure to send to all templates and new chats only. Right? Then you can press broadcast. So now, and what you will basically do, uhm, is to listen to one, then you'll continue.

5:28 Right? Okay, no number to broadcast because I've already went through that list, right? New chats only, right? And then you'll just press broadcast and- then it's gonna show you here, like, a little, um, bubble, it's gonna account, it's gonna reach out to the people.

5:42 Uh, that's pretty much all you have to do to set it up. So, template, audience, broadcast, it's all you need to do, you don't need to worry about it more.

5:52 And- That's pretty much all you install it. I told you the message. And it's gonna send you a list with the leads.

5:57 It's super simple. And then you just send them, uh, then you just send them the link to the community. So, as you can see, just send them a voice note, some will not reply.

6:07 Right, and then you can either throw- Often, right, uh, some others will do reply. And then those people will be able to book, right? Right, for example, this guy will reply.

6:18 Uh, amazing. Here you go. And then you just- Scented the link. There you go. That's pretty much how it goes.

6:30 And then here, on this button, you can just pop it up again. Hope you wanna start it. If you have a question, let me know or let Enzo know and let's get it


0:01 Good morning, everyone. So firstly, absolutely Merry Christmas to all of you. Uh, so I know this has been a time where everyone is lazy, and the one who wanna works, everyone is just well.

0:12 Let me enjoy time with family, you know. And today I wanna speak quickly about that because it's a very good thing for family but it's not a very good thing for business.

0:22 And so I wanna explain to you the importance of taking action now. So, first Merry Christmas as I said, now the second thing is, which you have to understand is that well, every single day we decided not to work out of people working or getting ahead of you, right?

0:40 And just to give you a reference about that is that 99% of people give up their goals after New Year resolutions they all have within 14 days.

0:54 So within 14 days 99% of people have either given up or forgotten about their goals. To realize that that's 99% of the population globally.

1:05 That's f****** crazy. Now here's another fun fact which is that out of the 1% 90% of them had already started before New years.

1:20 Now, what does this tell me? Well, it tells me the people who are working right now, other people who are going to actually achieve their goals.

1:28 For the simple and unique reason, that well, 90% of people who start now are those 1% who keep on going and actually achieve the dreams, the goals, and whatever they want to do in life.

1:40 Right? So, what I don't want to know from you is, do you want to be the person who is actually going to achieve your dreams, goals, and visions and whatever you want to do from life if you want to be a kind of person then you have one thing to do right which is to take action now is this you just to 

1:57 take action now and you have to understand how important this is I know I want to say I know it's nice to be a family with Christmas and then people well people want to see you and family wants to see you so you cannot really work but you have to keep on pushing it you have to keep on pushing it I today

2:16 on the 26th of December right so two days of the Christmas have 16 sales calls so my ass you telling me you cannot work a little bit every single day now it's the best time right so you got to take action now you literally have to because 90% of people who take action before actually achieve the goals

2:37 and 99% of the people who don't take action now go into chief the goals so if you actually want to be an achiever and someone who actually succeed in life you got to take action now.

2:47 Well and if you're wondering yourself well how do it take action and how do you become well I'm struggling with this I'm struggling with my agency I'm struggling with co-calling I'm struggling with I've been booking oh yeah you're not gonna be able to do co-calls yesterday but today you can do it again

3:01 right you can still book people in you can also do DMs you can also go up email domains you can do co-calls you can do a bunch of shit now if you're struggling with those things right with co-calling email, outreach, client acquisition and service delivery for the agency.

3:16 I'm more than happy to hop on a call with you and offer you that help. And I can only do this till December 28, because then it's when the school game's end, right?

3:28 And for the school games, our team wants to win the school games, so I will strategy to win the school games as to how as many people as possible.

3:35 Right? So that's why time is ticking. We can only help you till December 28. So there's probably going to be a link above below somewhere where you can book a call with me or answer from my team and basically we're gonna make sure that we actually help you solve this problem so you can actually go and

3:53 grow in 2025 without hurdles and actually make 2025 year because too many people let years by years slip the dreams away and it's so f****** sad to see it and every day you don't want to see I know you can look back into your own diaries and see, well, that's where my goals and you didn't f****** achieve

4:13 them And I don't want you to be that person next year. So take action now. We have two more days So we're gonna call with me on my team below if you want to and start taking action and we can help you solve your problems for real.

4:27 So it was amazing to speak to you and yeah, speak to you later. Bye.


0:00 So, hello everyone. Merry Christmas to you all. So, yeah, today I just wanted to make this video and I don't explain to me why I f***** this camera quality so bad.

0:10 Uh, so, basically, firstly, Merry Christmas to everyone. And, uh, I just wanted to speak a little bit more about what is very important as an agency owner, especially in that time, where, you know, uh, Christmas is around, everyone is becoming lazy, everyone is being compliant.

0:25 I was just eating a bunch of food and sleeping out and not doing any work, right? And on another side, it's about five days and everyone is going to be like, well, I'm the brightest off the scarf and I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that and actually, yeah, nobody does anything and Actually, it's

0:42 pretty funny about that 90% of people were for the first two weeks, give up on their goals, we'll forget about their goals and for example to say they want to go more to Japan and I'm not doing it, right?

0:54 And here's a very interesting thing, an important thing as you age to see on it. So firstly, I recommend you watching this video in four.

0:59 It's going to help you a lot. Which is, you have to understand that goals is just there to keep you into, give you a direction of what you want to do in life, right?

1:09 So here's the thing, I go and not save you, I go and not push you. And the only reason, well, if you put a goal, it's going to motivate people, they're going to get a dopamine hit, is because they say, hey, well, The dopamine actually comes from the imagination of what they will be or what will happen

1:30 once they achieve that certain goal. So if you want to be able to achieve that goal to be able to have the dopamine you are actually craving for, well here's the important thing.

1:41 You actually have to take action now. Here's a thing that was also said which were done, the people who start the New Year's resolution f****** before the 31 have I think what was 90% higher success rate on their goals than anyone else meaning that there's a direct correlation between the people who 

2:05 are lazy of a Christmas and the people just like me doing a f****** video on the 25th for you guys right so if you want to be one of the people who actually takes the agency serious, you're like, well, right now, I'm struggling with appointments, I'm struggling with call calling, I'm struggling with 

2:19 anything with my agency and I'm also struggling with service delivery. Well, you're like, well, I could just wait a week and then I'm going to take care of it, right?

2:28 Let me enjoy family. Here's exactly where is the difference between you and success for you, right? Which is exactly the person who is successful would say, f***, I have to fix that now and take action now, right?

2:42 So, here's the thing, if you want to make 2025 your year, you have to take action now. And when me but now is like literally now, don't ask me what is the f****** camera, sorry.

2:54 So, what I want you to do is I want you to take action now. And the best way to do that is by actually starting now.

3:01 So, here's what I want you to do, right? If you're struggling with your agency, well, if you're not struggling, right?

3:07 Let's take this scenario. If you're not struggling, what I want you to do is I want you to get back to work Acer.

3:12 Right, Lichy, no matter what, if it's 25th, have lunch with your family and then get back to work. And the second thing I wanted to do is that if you are having struggles, which all of we have, well, I have the possibility to meet my business and my team to come in and help you as well.

3:29 Right? This is an invitation you could order how you want, which is we can help you solve this problem-solid agency like we did, and we're still fighting for with more experience, meaning we can share you that experience if you want and for the case we have a kind of link who's going to be probably going

3:45 to post above below whatever the hell and there you can book a call with me for free and then we can speak about how we can help you fix those problems right and this is an invitation you don't have to do it you can just take the action I told you to do which is you gotta take action now when everyone

4:01 is compliant but because by you decide that you want to be someone which is extraordinary right we need to do actual ordinary things like working on the 25th like me going on to walk and random day on the 25th to do a video for each motivate you guys to go back to work so take the time when everyone 

4:23 is lazy and get ahead of everyone because that's gonna change your life so get ahead of everyone and yeah that being said if you help you can book call with me above and then we can speak over how we can help you as you see like we work over a thousand sales for this year blah blah blah so I hope this

4:43 video can help you motivate you to tell you like look let me f****** find now let me do more now when everyone else is not so you can get ahead of people and actually achieve with a 90% higher success rate your goals then the 90% of the people who give up after 14 days after the New Year's resolutions

5:02 so I hope you could learn something from this go I hope you enjoyed the video and yeah love you guys make your life worth living bye bye


00:06 So, what niche should you choose as an agency owner? That question, I get asked a million times a day, and the people telling you, you should take this niche or you should take that approach, you should do that consideration, and I will tell you what, it doesn't matter.

00:22 And I want to break down to you, what niche is to go into, what to be careful of when choosing a niche, and how to actually get successful in any single niche.

00:32 And the first thing I want to make clear, is that every single niche is as hard. There's not one niche which is harder than a non-among and let me break it down to you and you're going to understand.

00:43 So let's take an example real estate, right? Real estate is quite simple to book appointments because they're on the phone all the time and they want to get more deals because that's a very big avenue of them.

00:56 So for me it was super easy to book five to ten appointments a day. So apartment booking is super super easy and real estate.

01:05 Now closing a real estate is way harder because you're not the only one in real estate b*******. Meaning take a picture so many times.

01:14 So usually, firstly, they already know what you do and you're not something special. So you don't have a USP. And secondly, what is the bigger point is they've already been b******* a million times.

01:27 There may be already one for someone in the past, they haven't been burned before, right? And so the closing becomes way, way, way harder in itself, right?

01:36 So, and the second thing in real estate is most of the real estate, it's a broke, right? And you have to have that thing in mind because you might say, well, real estate is a super niche you're going to because I've put in bookings really easy, but sales is hard.

01:51 You might say, well, now doesn't make sense, you're going to know because then, well, selling is hard, so why should I do it?

01:58 Well, service delivery in real estate is quite easy, meaning you have so many pros and cons of real estate. Let me take you in the second example.

02:06 So basically, I will explain to you why every single issue is hard. Let's think medspot for example, right? If you decide to work with medspots, it's super, super hard to get a medspot on a call.

02:17 The reason for it is they're always busy with patients. So basically what happens is that you speed If you get keepers test front test and they tell about he's not available, he's busy, he's doing that, the doctor is dead, not available.

02:33 As a reference, for example, I was able to book a few sales calls and a hundred calls. I had a friend back then who would need it up.

02:40 He had the same resource in real estate and in real estate, it took him 1,000 sales call calls to book one sales call, which was quite drastic difference, right?

02:52 You say, well, because it definitely needs as I shouldn't go into it, right? Now, let me tell you, the opposite.

02:59 Well, once you get a meds bar owner on a self's call, it's way easier to close him because, well, he gets pitched, fearless, like, literally compared to real estate in no time.

03:11 He might have hit a one agency from there, might hit, but to them, it's like a new thing, a beautiful thing.

03:18 they have not been burned many times before, meaning the clothes because we were easier. So all these appointments he had with this, so once a day or once a week he had an appointment, he was closing.

03:33 So both of them were closing and it meant that in basically service delivery are quite easy as well to do, right?

03:40 Because it's any kind of local business service the reason for that harm. Now you have to take it to your car, you are like, well which one do you prefer to take?

03:51 Here's the thing is every single niche is as harm because in the end well one is easier here, the other one is easier there so it levels it evens out.

04:00 I mean every single niche to run a business in is exactly the same harm because they just have pros and cons, everything is a problem in cons, every niche, every business, every service, everything as a problem comes and so that's the same thing and it balance out right across all niches so please understand

04:19 that meaning the niche helping would not solve any of your problems it might get you you're like well I'm trying to get opponents in meds bar well yeah because it's way way harder to get in real estate you're like well let me go to real estate so I can get a cell phone well you're gonna get cells close

04:33 but you're not gonna get clients so is it a better thing No, not really. Well, now I get experience in Salesforce, that's a good thing.

04:42 But that's hard to close to. So, if you just figure out a way, it meant fast to get Salesforce called, well, you're going to close even if you're shit, meaning you can make money from quicker.

04:53 Now, here's where it comes to the decisive point in what niche you should go into. You should go, and I'm going to give you a few criticism to look out to.

05:01 In the niche, firstly, where you have three existing experience, right, if you have to take an internship in a real estate company, and a roofie company, or your parents owns a company, or your uncle owns a company, you should start with that niche.

05:18 If, and it's on the same condition, it has more than 10,000 businesses in it. The minimum size I want to add, at least, have 10,000 businesses, I will say more than probably 50,000 or even 100,000 businesses.

05:32 The second thing you want to look out to is that those businesses make money. Now, you have to approach. If you want to take, let's say you have experience with grocery stores, and small, small family grocery stores, they most likely don't have one cage to spend on ads and one cage to spend on you, right

05:53 ? So just you can get them a bit more customers. Then, if you decide, and here's the important thing, You can still work with, watch the last, for example, but just know you're gonna do way way more work in terms of more clients for a lesser pay.

06:10 So in that case, you don't want to find out my service, which doesn't take you time to do, which is super applicable, super easy to do it, you can just sell to a lot of people.

06:18 So you can have a hundred clients, but with the same amount of work as if you would have 10 and you do all of the dump for you as running all of those stuff, right?

06:26 But that's the second thing which I highly recommend is make sure they make enough money what I mean by that is Well, they have to be able to spend 2k a month in business expenses on top of what they're doing right now So all kind of local businesses finish their every single local businesses in my as

06:43 close to every Fils into their right because then you always have the bigger company these smaller companies But that's what she's very willing to look into A first, do you have experience at niche?

06:53 Second, is the size of industry. And third, is, well, due to having money. And the fourth one, the last one, is, are you interested about the niche?

07:06 If you don't have back, if you don't have past experience, then put the fourth step, as the first step, which is what thing are you passionate about?

07:15 And then if you want to add a fifth step, as well, what do you like to work with those people?

07:19 I'm gonna give you an example, you might be passionate about watches, but watchers is not very enjoyable because they're a bit assholes and usually pretty arrogant people and because they have a big ego of proud and usually they handle all the money, expensive customers and things like that, right?

07:37 Or you can work with loads here watching us, but then again, what's the problem? They don't make enough money. So that's the important four, five steps, I would actually say you have to be careful, right?

07:47 So what needs do you have past experiences or have interest about? Say to me is the size big enough, right?

07:56 Third, do they make enough money? Fourth, are you interested about that niche? And fifth, like, what do the people look like?

08:03 Right? Non-tons of looks in terms of character traits. Do I enjoyable to work with at a relaxed, at a serious, at a, what age bracket that I am, right?

08:14 So you want to be able to decide that on those five critiques and I'll tell you what, it doesn't really matter what niche you go into.

08:22 What it's stupid to do is say, well, I was speaking to a person who's on a call, I was like, well, I'm going to try this for six months and if it doesn't, I'm just going to change niche.

08:30 No, because two book appointments in one niche is very different from them, different ones. So if you want to avoid it as much as possible, niche helping.

08:39 You do not want to switch niche. I decided to switch from real estate to roofing. It took me one month just to book and sales goes together.

08:47 Because it was different, you don't have a front desk, then you need to learn how to have a front desk, then they have different experience.

08:55 They have been pitched a million times before like a reservation or compared to a messed-up owner, never before. And then start from 0.0 again.

09:07 You're like, well, I already know more. Well, if you just keep on going, you're gonna have to go out hard to get sales goals.

09:14 Like, listen, you see, you're gonna see proof of agency owners making money in every single niche. In every single niche, you're gonna find at least one person making money.

09:23 It's just where it's because it's not hard. It is equal. It's just you need to be get better as a business owner.

09:30 You need to understand how to do client acquisition. You need to understand how to do client attention. right as not the industry here's a thing industry's changed and that's also a big thing is trends change right there was job job platinum said well you should all go into home improvement now everyone

09:47 that was back then real estate was the biggest niche and one wasn't to know everyone moved to home improvement but every person speak to you is in home improvement right and so avoid going with the trans because trans go away and come, right?

10:02 So avoid that and just choose a niche and get an expert in that niche because you can make this money with zipper.

10:08 In Germany where I'm based there's a billion dollar company and just as a zipper. How f****** boring is that? Well they provide globally it's the biggest zipper company it is.

10:18 My quality zipper, so far jackets like pants. It's impressive because while the niche doesn't really give a However, if the company is going to become successful or not, because they were probably not the only one doing it.

10:31 They had competition, but they were able to step up and become the biggest one in a billion dollar company. So, the important lesson from this is that you do not want to change needs all the time.

10:42 You do not change your needs. If you have a specific question, you can ask it down below and if I read your comments, I will answer them.

10:48 Which is, you don't want to change needs. You want to learn how to navigate inside that niche. And if you don't have a niche yet, make sure you have those files for ITS to qualify what it wants and what niche you're going to and depending on that, adapt the strategy.

11:03 So I hope you take some valuable insights from this video, meaning whatever you feel and try to pull up, just go into that niche, learn, become successful, and speak to you soon.

11:13 Bye-bye.


0:06 How to focus as an agency own, as an entrepreneur in general? Here's what is super important that you have to understand, which is a quote from some of it which is where focus goes energy flows, and where energy flows money goes.

0:23 So if you want to make more money, you have to learn how to focus. So how do you focus in business in general and specifically he has an energy to see on what task should you focus on and here's what I will tell you you have to focus on the things which will actually grow your business wow now here's

0:43 how to actually think about it what with today tenix your business tenix not two x tenix your business and come up with one thing and that is the thing you need to do all the time two day two more until it's done because that will turn into business and every time you do something else in that you are

1:07 distracted meaning you think you're doing something which is useful but in the end it's not because it's not going to have to turn into business which is in the end what we really want so it does call focusing focusing is means you're just not being distracted and what does it mean?

1:28 Not being distracted. Meaning you only do the things that will actually move your business and panic to your business. As an agency owner, for example, there will be get more clients and have a better client retention.

1:44 Meaning service them better. Better service, better acquisition. That's the only thing you need to focus on. Meaning, building on website will it get you more clients?

1:55 I don't know, maybe. Well do more outreach get you more clients more likely. So which one of those should you do?

2:03 More outreach. And when the clients ask you, well, and do you have a website to check out? Honestly, I'm not going to build that out because it's a waste of time because I could spend a time I am getting myself more clients, getting my clients better results.

2:20 Now, you just auditioned and now you just take yourself one week of building a website all of it, paying someone to do a website and all of those things.

2:28 So really, I want to focus, it's just to remove everything which is useless. And everyone that starts likes you just to use this stuff because it feels good to learn a new stuff, to read that book, to listen to a podcast of Alexi Mosey and those things.

2:44 Now here's the important thing. You want to educate yourself, for example, to channel, because I need an education channel to help you from your business.

2:54 I hope you enjoy it. And now, really what you have to understand is, well, does it help me to listen to Alex from all these podcasts?

3:05 Will it help me tell next my business today? Well, most likely no. Now, and now, let's say three years, will have helped me grow my business with what Alissa Moses say.

3:21 Yes, baby. Well, then it's not priority, meaning the focus is just to prioritise the important things and just do the most important thing first because that's called focus.

3:35 And a lot of you have, for example, notification of all the time from clients which is also big issue I have, it takes me all the damn time, meaning it distracts me from what I'm doing, it distracts me from making these videos, and this is a very, very bad thing.

3:52 Now, the only reason I do it is to have a better client retention, but I think on that I can make a lot of progress, so I actually had more focus, and on the same time can deliver better service if I can provide more value by being able to produce quality content courses, modules, training, whatever 

4:11 it is, which will, and actually help them in the same knot. So here's the important thing you have to understand.

4:20 If you don't know how to focus, you won't make money. Meaning focusing is on doing one thing at a time.

4:27 One service, one offer, one niche, one everything. Because there's only one thing that you have to think about it. Every time you do more than one thing, you're attaching its plates and focus, you can measure it in attention, right?

4:44 You can, I like to refer to this as if you have two businesses, right? Everyone has the maximum amount of focus, which is 100%, right?

4:51 I'm focusing 100% on that task. Well, now if you have two businesses, which one do you focus on more? Well, let's say equal.

5:02 So 50-50. So it means your business has now more opportunities than 50% of your attention and focus at all on 150.

5:11 When focus goes energy flows meaning money goes. You have everything, like resources, time spent, energy spent, money spent, resources spent to grow a business.

5:21 But now you have 50% less than your competition that runs one business. So now, it's going to take you two times more time, 50% more.

5:36 Time, work, effort, resources, just 200 chance against your competition. And meaning you literally on both businesses falling behind because you don't have 100% attention to that one business, to that one offer, to that one service.

5:55 And I know I have the tendency as well to actually do all kinds of things have all kinds of product ranges but especially if you are in the beginning you want to focus on one thing and if you can only focus on one thing but you have a lot of things to do then focus on let's say only managing people and

6:14 hiring the people to do the stuff for example or you only do sales and you hire an appointment center and you hire a service delivery, God.

6:25 Then you focus. But in the beginning, you have to focus on the key things that getting clients and keeping clients, getting clients, keeping them.

6:34 That's the only purpose we are in business, meaning having a providing value to another person. So they give you money for them.

6:42 So that means if you want only one business with one offer, well, your attention is 100% to that. So you're more likely to do that than the person who has two business businesses or let's say the person who is one business, two authors, two niches.

6:59 So now like what, which one do you focus more? Well, let's say you do 80-20. So why do you now have a second niche where you have 20% of your attention?

7:10 Do you think with one thought of what the other people put in, one fish, two other people put in. You're going to get the same amount of results.

7:21 It's an issue of only 20% compared to me putting 100% in the same stuff. Well, guess who's going to get the results?

7:29 Right? An auto business where you put in 80. Well, again, you're missing 20% where I'm doing a hundred. Why should you put in 100 as well?

7:39 So that's why focus is so crucial. So I want you to focus on the most important task and the most important task is the task that will tell us your business In the shortest period of time and if that is getting more clients or keeping your clients They have right now and focus on those things.

7:57 Everything else is redundant rebranding That will not tell next business today Meaning that can be done later and when later it gets to a priority Number one, because that will actually change your business, if you re-brand your business that will actually repel you.

8:15 The most important thing you can do, then you should do it, not when you have to do this with 10 things, and on that you do this is, well, re-brand, buy new domain, build new website.

8:27 But the top thing should be getting f****** clients so I can pay someone to do the rest. So learn how to focus the removing distractions and focusing on the thing which is actually techniques your business today.

8:42 Think of that thing and do it. Everything else neglect it till it gets priority. So I hope you could take some valuable lessons from this video.

8:53 If you did, leave a like or I'll subscribe as you wish and I would say heart amazing day and speak to you soon.

9:00 Bye bye.


00:06 Why you ego is your biggest friend and weakness at the same time. Today I want to explain to you why you have to understand how your ego works because I've seen ego bring people down to the business apart, the lives apart, and on the outside I've seen ego bring people further than they ever thought they

00:32 could go. So with that understanding, you will be able able to see and understand why you do certain things and what you have to be careful of so you don't destroy your life.

00:44 So the biggest thing and how I read as of how I learned it and I want to show you that, sorry, is I had a mental back then and here I didn't know how to do an ego problem and what is an ego problem?

00:58 An ego problem is all you're trying to do is to feed your ego when meaning validation of what you think, validation of who you are, and you have to be able to control it, or at least to see and understand it, because he's what happened to him, right?

01:19 His ego got out of control because he was trying to look good, so that's why, by the way, status is such a bad thing, right?

01:26 Because striving on the Lamborghini in Dubai is beautiful, like you feel good, But here's the problem. One day it can happen that your business goes down, let's say, between 20% or there's a market change and you didn't see it coming and now you're completely wiped out.

01:48 But now what is the problem? You would not be able to sell your Lamborghini, go back to your parents' house and try to make it work again.

02:00 You ego will tell you well it's a defeat and your ego doesn't want you to look back to feel bad.

02:10 Ego wants to give you a confidence that you're good and here's the biggest issue with ego is that ego is very very very close to self-confidence and we oftentimes mistake what is self-confidence and what is ego and back to the mental as well what happened to him is that well financially he decided to

02:32 increase his lifestyle and his image more and more and more but his financial revenue wasn't able to get up with that lifestyle so basically it happened is he started making offers deals all of that which what went long-term thinking it was just to fill his evil with instant gratification this is real

02:56 important information, if you understand it yourself. When we all are craving for instant gratification to validate our ego and smoothmowing you, ego to feel good, then you have to understand that well, if you always go with the instant gratification like watching a movie, being lazy, not working, skipping

03:21 the gym, sleeping out, all of those things, you basically tell your ego that your ego controls you because ego is moving by instant gratification and controlled by long-term thinking.

03:39 That's why you've probably hit it a million times, one of the biggest strength of a good entrepreneur is the ability to think long-term.

03:46 In five years, decades, period of time, and that's where you really have confident people being able to change the world.

03:54 So, if you take an example in a mask, well, in a mask, I've been thinking of a 20 years for electric cars, because before he got the chance to build him a Tesla, right, he went a long way there because he realized well, he would need money, so he started the company, I don't know, the Zab 2 of him was

04:12 called, and then he did the paper, and then once he had money was able to actually do a bill tester and since then it's like we wanted to close this company to a trillion dollar worth business so to continue on that mental story basically what happened is that now that he was not making enough money 

04:31 his ego destroyed him meaning he was renting now a Lamborghini for $8,000 a month to feel good but he didn't have the money and his his wife could really be pissed off, she left him.

04:46 So basically he destroyed us alive because he was doing Arthur, which he couldn't deliver onto, because he needed that money to be able to pay his Lamborghini and his nice flat and to buy.

04:58 He lost all of his clients because he meant anti-promises, and he wouldn't have done that if he would have had a long term thinking as perceptive, but he couldn't do it because this ego told him, I need, I need to feel good.

05:12 So, it has destroyed that man, which other thing he is a bad man in himself, but his ego has taken control of him.

05:21 And you will see that in other people, and maybe in yourself as well, as well, when someone tells you, you did something not that well, you're going to take an extremely personal, instead of saying, saying, hey, give me even more feedback, I want to learn, right, because you don't want to ego to be hurt

05:39 . And that's a lot of things which happen, bringing through is like, well, why doesn't it happen because the trust has broken, right?

05:47 So then it's like, I'm not worthy of love, and then all of this ego crumble, and then you're basically depressed, which I don't think is a real thing, but you're in a good state of mind.

05:59 And now let's take the other scenario, which is Elon Musk, which is what AdNigo can help you do. AdNigo allows you to push yourself.

06:07 And he's why, because let's say you want a business, right? And you first go through your head, take care of him off.

06:14 Well, I will tell you what, as soon as you hit take care twice in a row, you won't want to go to 25k, right?

06:23 Well, you could just stay at 10k, you could have a very nice life at 10k, more but later after one year you're gonna be well I want more because we always want more that's the only reason why we have a roof today where we have labs, macbooks, phones is because people wanted more if not we would have 

06:45 signs we wouldn't have anything today it would still be two thousand years ago with rocks and fire so it's the ego that pushes us as humanity, so ego is a good thing in itself, look at Elon Musk, right?

07:03 He wants to get bigger, he wants to go to Mars, and so he will fight for it, right? So first he wanted to size his own first company, then he wanted to build a paper, then he wanted to just slide, then he wanted to do SpaceX, it's a never ending game, and the end honestly is death.

07:22 Now here's you have to understand I'm gonna share a personal example to illustrate the example which is for example I want a cyber truck which is a figure which is going to be stupid to have right but why do I want to have one because I want to tell me they don't like the car so my ego tells me well 

07:45 f*** everyone I want to have an ego I want to have that car because I have my ego and proudest in saying I can do whatever I want.

07:55 Do you really want that car? Thinking about it rationally? Well, it's a f****** mess to drive in a city because it's way too big and not practical, right?

08:05 And some people are angry, it's not qualitative. And the issue comes from the point is that the only reason I'm motivated to have one is because of my ego.

08:15 Because I want to prove people wrong and I want to be able to say to everyone, I can do whatever I want, so the ego has a big relation to how you want to be seen by people and how people see you.

08:31 That's why you were so hurtful in terms of when someone gives you negative feedback, that's why you have to be so careful and not be direct that's why we like it would be like it would be so much easier it would be direct but we cannot because we have an ego and if that ego gets hurt you bring relationships

08:54 you hurt people you hurt the ego you probably know so the question now is about how do I use my ego to grow without basically describing myself and it's called inflation.

09:12 You don't want to see on a long-term horizon. Never less than one year, two years or even five years. What do you really want from life?

09:21 And you want to think about that. What is it that brings you joy to life? Right? You're going to say money.

09:29 Well, you really want to spend that when you have the money, what do you want to do with the money?

09:34 Because just buying cars, you're he doesn't give a shit about a car. What he gives her, interest about, is his long ones, his daughter.

09:49 So what is that you want from life? And then you should focus on that, those things. Because then your evil is going to harm you to get those things in life.

09:59 But just be aware of that, that if you want things, just because of lesanistications, or society, or what you see who are doing online, flexing them to buy, telling you are all just amazing things he's doing, making you feel like it's a cure.

10:18 You have to understand, your ego is under your control, and to control it. The simplest thing you can do is actually just think rationally, so think long-term.

10:32 Instead of being short-eyed, meaning you're always looking for a small thing. next year right we are about to hit 25 what you want to do is look at what you want to achieve in one or two years itself on yet let's say two years what you want to achieve in two years what do you care about in two years 

10:56 what do you care about your life and focus on those things and everything you don't to that list, you shouldn't spend time doing that, right?

11:06 Because all of the rest is just feeding you ego. Like, have you ever written down on your new year's resolution, I want to watch Netflix.

11:14 Don't worry, do you watch Netflix, because it's comfortable, and it gives you joy to your ego, it feels good, right?

11:25 But on a long-term watching Netflix all day, more make you happy life, right? That's very important about eager to understand is if you're short-sighted, you will eventually break your own business, your own life, like the mentally.

11:41 And if you want to be a person in a mask or any big entrepreneur who actually may it very, very far.

11:47 You have to think, no more term, and more importantly, Russian. Take a deep motion by looking at the emotion. You will be emotional human beings because you cannot remove it.

11:55 Just have a look at them, analyze them and decide not to act up on them. So I hope this video helped you out, I hope you now understand you ego and what to do with it, how to control it.

12:08 So really take time and we'll think what you really care about and like and follow that with love. So hope you enjoyed it and see you next one, bye bye.


0:11 Should you build an AI agency, and now this is going to be a controversial opinion, and this is not me pitching you, uh, to run an AI-collar agency, and, of course, I actually want to give you, uh, my opinion as to why, if, and if you should choose, uh, running an AI agency.

0:31 So here's the thing, we are moving towards globally an AI industry, right, which is a good ultimating and artificial intelligence.

0:41 We are moving towards that. And I know that, right? Now, should you decide to change your service for me to say you're running ads, or having a permanent agency, or whatever you do as a main social media marketing to AI agency?

1:00 So here's what my sincere opinion is. You should use AI to your advantage to make your business easier. If it's on the acquisition side or client retention side, that doesn't really matter.

1:12 Now, here's the big thing I have with AI, it's a trend, meaning there's a lot of people going to, well, now, want to sell those AI solutions, like, well, we're going to build you that crazy child board or the AI callable, and the thing is, well, a lot of the things like a chatbot, right?

1:32 A website chatbot, right? It's you, it's most to most company really useless, meaning you now literally changed for maybe something was working to an AI thing just because it sounds good, right?

1:48 So yes, I could also call my business AI because it just used HTTP, right? So the thing is, well AI has this big trend right now going on and I'm not the biggest advocate of because you should use AI to assist you, but I don't think it's necessary and the best option to go and just say, well, all we 

2:09 do is AI because you should ultimate processes, but importantly, you should learn how to run a business in the first place, right?

2:19 So, use AI to your advantage, but you don't have to go and change your service to AI chatbot or AI caller maker because I like Like I'm saying, it's a trend, so already thousands and thousands and thousands of people doing that.

2:34 Now what you should do is learn about it, meaning you should also spend a bit of time. Well see, what can you do, what can you improve?

2:43 I do the same thing, right? I'm not the biggest advocate of AI, but I still like to know more about it and the development of the site.

2:49 Because as of the current stand, there is not one software we could run a business from with that AI and to read it, right?

2:57 God-level is right now implementing the AI caller, but for rest, it's super-dem-complicated and you have to make make.com integrations and shit like that, right?

3:06 And then what I see basically happening is people who are spending all the time to building AI solutions without emailing a damn client.

3:13 I mean, for who are you building off all of that stuff? Well, for clients, well, how many do you have?

3:19 Zero. And why the f*** are you spending time building on more boards and trying on more stuff? Because it's cool, but doesn't make money?

3:27 No. It makes money. If you already make money, you want to implement AI even more. You can definitely do. The basic stuff, which I think anyone use already out of us, is Treasury PT.

3:38 Now, you can slowly start implementing the AI solutions, but I really do think that 2026, so at end of 2025, is more than a minute time where AI is really going to boom in terms of actual product solution services which are going to come up, which is actually valuable, because there's a lot of people

3:57 just building a, let's just spoke to an insurance firm a few days ago, and they said, well, they paid four companies to build them an AI caller, and all of them were so literally bad that she didn't use them in a single time.

4:12 Meaning, there's no more money in AI. It's just a branding, it's just a trend, and like we've had as the main, which was a trend, and we have a generation which was a trend and then you have trend which is AI solutions.

4:23 And then you're going to have a two years and new trend which is whatever the hell is going to be.

4:28 So that's what is important. You want to use technological advancements to your heart, but you do not want to pivot your entire business towards that.

4:38 So that's a shorter video. I hope you can actually learn some from this video. So just research about AI. Don't change your damn business about it.

4:47 Use it to advantage use it for your class if you want to as well and I hope you enjoyed the video and if you have any topics questions you want to know more about it just put them in the comments and I'm gonna make a video about them if I've found it interesting as well.

5:01 Bye bye.


00:09 I made $16,000 in a single month of my agency and since then, I've been growing my agency and today I want to save your hundreds of hours of struggle, pain and frustrations because we don't know how to think like, uh, agency owner making it in pickkeeper mode.

00:25 So this is what I want to explain to you. So, let's dive straight in. So, 0.01 is you have to understand they go from 0 to 10 give them on.

00:33 The biggest thing of it is just a might as a shift. You have to change your perspective on things. Meaning, to where you see life right now, if you are under 10 kb a month, and the person who is at the kb a month, it's very different.

00:49 So that's why you always have people telling you, you need to become the person that makes them kb a month to be able to do it.

00:55 But what they don't tell you is exactly the same thing, which is, well, you just have to learn how to make 10 kb a month.

01:02 And a lot of the learning is in personal learnings. Like you have to understand, for example, that nobody gives a shit of all of you.

01:09 Nobody cares about you. Right? And you have to learn it. You have to learn how to handle rejection. You have to learn that.

01:17 Well, if you're not going out and doing the things the number is going to do it. Right? You have to learn lessons like that to be able to get to 10K.

01:24 Perm off and this is really what is decisive of the people who become successful and the people who don't It's your willingness to change because you have to change internally.

01:38 Like I was saying from zero to 10k The thing which is happening is you change it is you to change That's it you become a different person.

01:46 Of course you get the skills, but most importantly You become the person can make 10k which is a person who is ruthless, is a person who can work on a Sunday and Monday and seven days a week and we've all complained that he did work.

02:10 I'll just give you a personal example. Yesterday was Sunday, I worked all day, which I'm proud of. I didn't even have time to call my girlfriend, which she didn't find very nice, but it is what it is.

02:22 But that's what I have to do to be a tech game among, well, because I had stuff to do. And if you don't know how to make priorities, which is also a thing about you need to learn to tell tech, it's how to prioritize things, how to make the most important things, how to stay focused and actually do and

02:40 work on the things, which is actually going to matter. And most importantly, overcome your fear, if you don't do those things, well, you're not going to take it because thinking is just you becoming a different person.

02:52 So that's what I always say. Well, if you would have known me before I met any money and now I'm an issue to a different person.

03:00 Because now you can tell me something, I'm not going to take a personal, you can tell me me YouTube videos so I'm like good for you that just don't watch it.

03:07 Before I would have taken it personally. That's why I've been recording any videos and I don't give a shit of what do results for example.

03:13 I don't really care about how many views we get. I don't. I just do this stuff, with no expectations. So these are all so much mindset shifts you have to go through to get to take it a month and to go more into one which is very important which is overcome your fears and an example for it is call calls

03:34 , right. A lot of people when they fear doing call calls, they fear rejection, they fear people telling them they suck and I had the same issue to the point where I wish him wouldn't want to pick up the phone to call a prospect late for weeks.

03:53 Now, I don't care at all. They say, well, if you don't want to speak to me, you're cool, then I'm not going to call you again, that's it.

04:02 But, you see how it's speak out for it? It's very, very different from before. I don't even want to pick up the phone because I'm so nervous, because I was fearful, because it was outside of my comfort zone.

04:13 So all of us have our comfort zone and to grow and to be able to make 10k, well, your comfort zone has to bribe and up two to persons that was made 10k, and then 100k, and so on and so forth.

04:29 For example, well, we start to spend $200 a day on ads, which I felt were crazy. I mean, what the f***?

04:36 Well, again, I had to move out into my uncomfortable zone, and say, well, cool, let's just do it, and then see what results we can get for him.

04:44 Let's try to get a rise of one and see if it works. So it's by stepping out out of your comfort zone that you can grow.

04:54 And you have to grow so you can actually make them keep them on, because then you've got to learn the skills what it actually takes in terms of strategy and steps you get to think, okay?

05:03 But really one of the biggest issue is that just people are not willing to go outside of the comfort zone.

05:11 And a matter of mine has tried multiple things to get us to get us out of the comfort zone. For example, you have to do an end identity shift.

05:20 They also try modeling would say. You cannot be the same person. The reason why right now you had zero dollar per month because of the decision you took so far on as a true capable of.

05:33 So it's for your responsibility. And the reason why not take K as well, because the decision you took. So to be at 10K you need to be a different person who takes different decisions.

05:45 And to get there, well, you have to go out of your comfort zone because, well, it's a different person, so you have to become that person, right?

05:54 And so, we're meant to try this to help us change our personality. So for example, shave a hat and because like, well, you are a different person now, you have to like Charlie would say, cut off your old you, which is your bad habits of, well, I'm going to jerk off, I'm going to watch Netflix, I'm going

06:15 to do two hours of work, well, actually I could have done in 10 minutes if I would just have been focused and I'm going to complain about it that I have a job and I don't have enough time to work on my business.

06:26 All of these are better habits, But you cannot have bad habits and run a 10k business. It just doesn't work I've yet to see and so I'll make you more than 10k, but more than I have bad habits Doesn't work.

06:38 This she doesn't Because the reason why you have You don't make 10k for a month. It's exactly because of this decision you took exactly the bad habits You have and so if you want to make 10k for a month while you have to change just behind this and become the person can make 10k for a month meaning you

06:55 have to go into your uncomfortable, you have to face your fears. You have to become ruthless and work like a crazy m*********** and try to actually learn and actually try every possible to make it work.

07:09 You have to be ruthless. Those are free trades, you will find it stressful people and here's the funny thing, when I speak to people and that's the thing, you can be in a bad financial situation my now and still have the mindset of a 10K person and you can make 10K and still have the mindset of a complete

07:28 retar. Now usually happens with crypto. You have kids making millions of dollars who have no skill, no self-worth or any character trades of how to make this money repeatedly to just have a crypto pump.

07:43 On the other side, you have people who literally COVID hit them, the business for a part. And that's why the day they want a lot of business because they didn't have any money anymore to sustain anything.

07:54 But I have the mentality and it's just about finding the right possibility to make money again. And that's how you can see people going to be successful and not, and you have to see the same thing with you.

08:04 Well, if you say, well, I feel like I'm part of the country with bad habits and I don't eat clean, I don't train, I don't, you know, I don't try to improve myself.

08:18 Well, guess what? You're not going to be successful, because no matter if you want to be an athlete, and you want to win a limp here, or you want to be an entrepreneur, the trades, character trades you need to have to have.

08:33 Like a swimmer would have to go swim every f****** day. You have to work every hell day, and if you have a 95, then you work after the 1995.

08:43 By the way, at 925 you still have another 529 plus 9 to the next 5 in the more in the 9.

08:52 So you literally have 18 hours where you just up and around. When you could make more money or where you couldn't prove yourself or you could go eat healthy food, go to gym and prove yourself and prove your health your ability to take decision read instead of watching Netflix, it's all just little things

09:10 . So you have to level up. And to level up your current situation, you have to understand the current situation living, it's just based on the decision you took.

09:21 So you have 100% responsibility of everything you have to do in your life so far. Everything. Everything is your fault.

09:30 And if you want to change the direction of your life, then you have to realize it's your full and you're going have control over everything.

09:39 Every decision you take is a reason why I don't go to become successful or you're going to become miserable. It's just the case.

09:48 So, the first step is taking responsibility and the second step is saying, well, might sucks. And f*** it, I'm just going to have to change.

09:56 So when the pain of change is lesser, then the pain of your concentration of your wall change. I'll say differently.

10:07 If your concentration is more painful than the pain of change, you will change. So you have to understand And if you not have people feel like they're now, then you f*** you have to change.

10:23 And you have to have a good reason why you want to change. And if you don't have a reason to change, well, then you shouldn't try business in your first place.

10:32 Because it's going to become tough. And if you're not going to be willing and capable of getting out of your comfort zone, you're not going to do it.

10:41 So here's what is super important. is that you have to understand that everything is your fault. If you want to change to life you have, if you want to control the future of your life, you have to dig it into your own hands.

10:54 And if you watch cutting your washing Netflix, like everyone else got you in 1995, you're going to have a miserable life.

11:01 I mean, you're going to have a 9 to 5 life. You're going to have an average life. But if you're happy for an average life, then while they're business.

11:07 If you're not happy with another life then go out there and we're willing to change and brace change. I hope you could take some valuable lessons from this video.

11:18 I hope you don't have something and I wish you an amazing day after new night and see you next one.

11:23 Peace.


01:05 I mean, $40,000 online this year with my agency and today I want to explain to you why gurus are lying to you and what is the truth behind the guru life.

01:19 So here's what you have to understand is that they're going to make more money by selling you to dream of their business, meaning them flexing in Dubai, going like in my gutsy to the maladies and then showing you how many girls he is and how great it is and he's an issue.

01:38 When you look outside of it and I just told you that you would say him that sketchy because his flexing is arrogant.

01:46 He is very, very good and those people are very good. He should pretend to be humble and you're a dream.

01:52 But wait, that's how I was started as well in S.O.A.M.A. society because I've believed in that dream. So, there's something you have to understand what human psychology is.

02:03 We run away from pain into our pleasure. So, they sell you the dream as the pleasure of creating pain between the both and naked side of the solution.

02:12 But wait, this is the same thing you should do on a self-score with your clients. That's welcome to business. Now, the truth behind the grew living is that by pretending to make money, they make money by selling you their courses on how to get to the last time.

02:28 Now, here's the good thing. All of you go to holiday, so already. So, when you see the posting and Netflix on Instagram, they're doing this shit and this shit.

02:40 And you're like, at home, grinding you like, well, I feel like my business is not working. Well, you went to holiday as well.

02:46 So, that's just because they're the different spawn, spawn, and financially, they can do all those kinds of things. Now, in my case, when you're going to realize, is that, well, when you actually get to make money, you just want to make more.

03:02 That's what also, like, and you taste it. You just want to make more money. So, 90% of your time, it's going to be you working on one of your laptop and try to make more money.

03:16 So, that's what you have to understand, and then once in a while you say, well, I need to take a break, and that's when you can do a break.

03:25 So the truth behind the guru living is he goes like I'm a Gazi, goes to Dubai, to weeks, but there he works as well, or if he stays two months, he works there as well, because he has a team with 60 people to manage.

03:39 So, he is just selling you the dream of well being on a jet skiing to buy, but actually if you go to Dubai as an entrepreneur, well, all the f****** time that you spend is just working and networking in the evenings if you have a chance too.

03:55 So, that's what you have to understand about the Guru life. They are selling you a dream which is basically a holiday but you already experience.

04:03 Now, as in a corporate world where you have only two weeks or five weeks per per year, in business you have even less, and here's the truth, you have less, because, well, when you run a business with 60 people, you cannot really go in a 3 month holiday, that's to go that well, because you're going to

04:21 lose your client, you're going to lose money. And especially when you start making money, you won't want to make more.

04:28 So if I can get this to do you had you do this, because you want to be able to decide what you want to do.

04:35 And as an entrepreneur, to the point where you actually make money, you all want to make more. So you can do even more stupid shit.

04:44 Or be able to provide for a family and whatever your motivation is. But understand that going to money to money or going to buy and being on your is not the f****** life you're going to have.

04:59 It's not. You're going to have the ability to do it, but you're not going to do it most of the time Because if you can't do it, you literally think it's you would get bored after a week on a yacht You would get bored about I will tell you Because I won't point just material thing and when you speak to

05:17 very rich people, billionaires And people who have made more money, never For example, or even Alice Mozi, they don't have material positions possessions, even some of it's not.

05:33 And he is white, because it's just an object. After the time you're going get bored of the Lamborghini, you're going to get bored of it, it's just like f****** car.

05:43 You can't go faster than a speed limit. Unless you're an idiot and you want to learn in prison. So they tell you that dream of what you're going to be able to look cool.

05:54 They sell you the status because we want to look good in front of people. That's why basically that's how Instagram works, where you get likes of people, so you status, you're a good person, you rank high in the social hierarchy.

06:10 But honestly, that's not too true. The truth is you're going to spend most of the time working, and when you want to do your break, which is rare, you can, because you just work last night long, so you can say, f*** it, I want to go, here, let me go dead.

06:25 And you just don't look at the money. That's the freedom you have. I can go on a Tuesday morning, test drive a cyber truck just because I want.

06:37 But I work seven days a week. On the Sunday, I f****** just worked. So basically you're going to do break when you feel like you need to make a break because you do well not want to make a break.

06:49 And I know it's quite confusing because it's the opposite for everyone tells you in the dream that it's sell you.

06:55 But you will learn to love to grind. You will learn to try to make more money. You will be happy when you close another climb.

07:01 When you are 10k, as soon as you are 10k, you won't want to make 25. As soon as you are 25, you will want to make 250.

07:08 It's never ending, because there is so much passion into making more money, then what will you do when you are in Dubai?

07:16 And here's by the way, you are like, well, I want to travel, you will still have to work while traveling, and that's the thing about business, right?

07:24 you're not going to be paid for traveling, you still have to do work, some kind of it, right? But that's a beautiful feeling of business and that's just true, if you want to do a break, you can do a break, but you also have to think about the consequences of you taking a break.

07:40 So that's why you see most better entrepreneurs and business people take so few breaks, because every single break costs millions of dollars in a long term.

07:51 So, please for the love got really think about it and understand that you have to start to love the game of waking up and just sitting in debt and working and trying to make money and trying to earn a business because that's what you're going to do for the next 20 years of your life because I will tell

08:08 you what you're going to get bought for your you're going to bought a bit bought of a gutty you're like well nice now I have one wow, because then you have to have friends who are going to have 10 in like wow okay cool it's just a car.

08:22 So, that's the thing with status. It's a, it's a zero and game. Like now I would explain it. You were nothing but having more status.

08:34 All you do is you spend time making money so you can then trade it to money to have status. I would prefer to make money so you can have more time and to whatever the f*** I want.

08:47 travel or whatever it is. Like I said, material positions are useless or a long term. And he was also saying a Tesla Model 3 is or whatever car like average car is better than a Lamborghini.

09:03 And the Lamborghini is just a weird car because usually mass production is the thing which has been perfect to best.

09:11 And it's being able is has a high quality, right? So that's what is very important. Is that you have to start loving the game and I actually say, and understand, well, I got a lot, if you sit down and just work on a Sunday morning, I have to love it.

09:30 And I will love it in the future if I don't. And yeah, I don't want to f****** do cork calls.

09:34 Well, at one point, I'm going to be able to not do cork calls and hide your cork calls. So that's the real trigger of a business, is that you will want to get to a point where you make money and have time in the case with freedom.

09:50 But you always go to want more, and because you want more, you're going to work more. So you're not going to chill on the beach and body for four months and don't do anything.

10:01 You're going to get bored of the issue of the day. So, I hope this can explain what it is and just as perspective of making money what I'm not a f****** multi-billionaire, but I'm just teaching you, and telling you what I don't believe in S2, maybe in S2, and for myself, I like to say, well, or I want

10:18 as a f****** side of the track because I think it looks cool, and I mean, it's just a crazy car.

10:23 I think it's just crazy. People don't like it. People feel fine, sadly. So, I don't do this for sake. I think it's just a crazy car to add.

10:30 I think it's not what it has it. So that's the only thing right and I don't need any of them material possessions besides my time freedom and Location freedom and you can have that but you always gonna work because what if you don't work What do you do then where you play go while you're gonna be f******

10:47 bought from playing golf at this thing all day So if you actually learn how to make money, you all want to make more that's a conclusion I hope you enjoyed the video.

10:56 I will now you know that you need go back to work and actually you're not gonna watch a video So, Eman being in Dubai, because you know, it's not actually how live is and that's all what you actually want, what you want us to do to become successful, so focus on your own success, become successful and

11:12 speak to you soon. Bye bye. Go, come with me. Yes? Yes? It's not a school. No. No, I have already done it.

11:56 Thank you. Yes? Come on, I'll see you in the next video. Oh, you have to go straight. No, I have to go straight.

12:06 Okay, I have to,


0:17 This trope has a full of shit. So, how to make 10k per month consistently? I've been personally over $40,000 in neck.

1:45 How to make 10k per month instead of 1 month? Now, I've been 16-dollar dollars in 30 days, and from day on only group.

1:53 Now, here's the important thing I want to try to understand, is that a lot of mistakes people make in trying to make as much money in the shortest period of time, which prevents them from actually achieving the goal, which is 10K per month versus 1K, 1 month, or 10K in 1 month.

2:15 So, let me explain. The reason why people fail, and then we'll also tell you not fail is all they focus on is scanning cards, which I have a big fan of, just make you money.

2:29 Now, here's where most of the people fail, is they spend so much time doing a bunch of shit, which is not relevant and not focusing on climate position and not a service delivery.

2:43 And if you want to run an agency, well, you two things. Climate position and serve the delivery. And if you focus on both, you've got to get clients and you're going to be able to keep them.

2:55 Now, a big word is systemizing. When you are able to systemize things, you're also going to be able to scale things.

3:06 And here's why. Because if you're able to say, well, it took me, I say a thousand core course to Yeah, 10 sales cost to get one client.

3:18 Well, if you want to have 10 clients, you just need to tell XL one-on-one, you need it. Or you need to tweak the conversions, so you actually get better results.

3:28 Let's say you will close two out of 10 instead of one out of 10. And the same goes for service delivery.

3:35 Now, the reason why most people, then are not able to say a 10K per month, And I did the same issue, but I had the same mistake, is the service is just not good enough, right?

3:49 And I don't, I know a lot of people have insecurities regarding service. So, do we? Well, I've never once before.

3:54 Well, then find a way to offer something. Either, where you feel more comfortable doing it, which is easier to do to my ads, or to start to work for free.

4:09 Because if you work for free and you're honest with them and say, look, I've never done this before and I'm happy to have people free and just try my best.

4:17 You can use my brain, my help, 24-7 and together you run out for you so you can get your additional clients.

4:25 Well, I will tell you something. You're going to learn by doing. So that's the biggest issue is that people, instead of actually learning how to do the service, They charge people and, by the way, added to the same mistake, you charge people for something you have never done before and then what happens

4:41 is, well, you f*** up. So, your climate tension rate is one month. And I was thinking yesterday to also an agency in Australia and the same issue.

4:56 He had three clients but lost him on. If you were still out of the three clients, you would probably make three to five kip a month.

5:02 So, in the issue is it's because you don't focus on learning how to deliver a good service. And the best way to do it is to think about it, build our systems, test systems with clients for free.

5:16 And once you know that it can make clients money, well, here's the beautiful thing. They will always keep paying. If you can actually bring people to the results, you say well, then you will keep clients.

5:26 No big thing, why people make 10k a month, you know, per month is because of expectations. Because of us, a lot of agency owners, which also I help, so that's also a client avatar of mine, have wrong expectations.

5:41 I love home improvement of any local business in the United States, have also wrong expectations. Meaning, it's, well, I can get you 15 up on this per month, and then you have all of those agency f****** in the moment.

5:54 Right, and then he comes while I was feeling to another person from New Zealand and he does a 40 day free trial and then he chose a retainer.

6:03 Well, if you don't understand how the market works, well, you boomed. So I'm telling you a bunch of stuff and you're like, well, now I'm going to focus on anything else.

6:14 Here's how to fix it. You want to get started? for free. I'm going to help you for 30 days for free.

6:24 No free trial just help you 30 days for free. All you want is a testimonial at the end. So you get the case study plus a testimonial plus a opportunity to test your system for 30 days and well you could f*** up down it as many times possible.

6:40 This is the important thing is you just want to get the experience And once you actually get the experience and you step 2, which is, well, I already have three clients, but now I want to be a 10K per month, then you need to systemize.

6:54 Meaning, for example, getting clients, is there where you can hire someone to do corpus for you, so you can have more sales calls consistently.

7:02 So, you want to play a lot on the consistently consistency. And when you see, for example, I want to take you so much time to create ads.

7:09 Well, if you find winning ads, use them for other clients as well. So you want a system-wise thing, where here's 15 templates you have built, by the way, don't pre-build them, build them with the first clients you have, and it's to ask what, well, then you have for next to kind already 15 creatives you

7:28 can use. Works very well, that is system-wise. So you can explain with a different word, which is zero-actual cost of replication.

7:39 I mean, it doesn't cost you any extra time money and effort to onboard a new client. While you would say, well, when I do a service, it has to be the case.

7:49 Well, it has not to be, I'm going to start my business over again. So if I'm going to be a 10K per month, well, the best thing is not to lose clients.

7:59 And the second best thing is you actually give a good service, and the third best thing, is just to make it easy for you to get more clients.

8:10 So, if you follow these principles and you really focus on nailing down your service but offering it work for free to get proof and actually see that, well, you're not completely r******* and you can actually do stuff.

8:23 You can actually then go on and systemize things. Meaning, you create SOPs, stand operation procedures, hire people to do boring work for you so you can focus on the most leverage activity which can be


0:17 I made over $16,000 in a single month with my agency and since then I've been growing learning and doing a bunch of mistakes and in this video I want to save you hundreds of hours of struggle by using mistakes like I did and basically go to 10k and not being able to stay at 10k per month.

0:35 So today I want to cover how to maintain 10k per month instead of 10k in one month. So here's the basic issue and mistake I did and I want you to learn from my mistakes we can time.

0:48 The biggest issue I did is I went and signed on about 12-15 clients in one month. And I will tell you something.

0:56 When you go from zero to $16,000 if 30 days, you will have a problem. Because my kind of question was nail down perfectly.

1:05 Well, I can always say bad. The issue was, I had never done a service before. I guess what happens if you have never done it before.

1:14 Well, you're going to run into a lot of problems and issues. In my case, for example, it was that I was having issues to manage my team and get in that my team gets a result for my clients.

1:27 So I started to spend crazy amount of money and time and energy and resources trying to get results for this client.

1:36 But because I had so many clients, my energy was focused, my focus was split between 10 people, 15, I can't even remember.

1:48 And when you have that, well, who do you focus on? So by natural, going to have some clients, we were going to say, well, they didn't pay me that much money, so f*** it.

1:57 You're going to have people while I guess they're more attention to it. But you're still going to have like three, five people you're going to focus more, and guess that's going to be an issue.

2:05 Well, they all could have the issue, but you're going to focus on all quite issues at the same time, meaning you're not going to focus on solving the actual problem.

2:14 So, what happened to me is, well, I spent a month, one, two months, tried to figure out, so I was still at risk, so my plan of position went down like shit.

2:22 I had to rebuild all in the following months. And the issue was, the rear biggest issue was, I had no clue how to deliver my service.

2:33 and I went from zero to 60K and a single more and had no way to systemize it, no way to get clients results.

2:44 So that's what really what focus on and I see this, especially with the students I hope, right? Now they're signing clients, like f*** you, hard to even add, like hard to make creative and then they spend three weeks on making creative, which by the way is way too long.

3:00 when you're starting out, but you don't have the experience, so you gotta learn it, right? And so that's the issue.

3:07 And now, imagine if you're a 10k, well, you don't know how to serve as people. So that is the biggest issue and you want to prevent it from happening.

3:17 So you want to scale if possible as much linear as possible, I will tell you something that doesn't happen, but you want to try to make it as linear as possible.

3:28 Because then you want to be able to have the systems in place so you can sustain 10K per month, meaning you can provide value and get your Clifery Zolt every single month, because then all you have to do is sign 10 clients or sign 5 clients.

3:45 If you know that you gotta get the results and you make about 2K and I say I'm a dollars per, I'm probably bringing in whatever the hell it is, 2K per month, well you are with 5 clients at 10K per month, but here's a big issue.

3:58 People do the maths, how to get to 10k. And how do they get to 10k per month? Well, the important thing is that you keep the clients.

4:08 So you have to first build the infrastructure and systems. Now here's the thing. I do not want you to, right now, if you have zero clients, go build all those infrastructure.

4:19 I don't want you to waste time on it. But if you have clients, you have to focus on building systems.

4:26 If you have one client only, they're actually just going to get him results. Because then you can go to the next one, show him the results, the testimonial.

4:34 And say, look, I will do exactly same thing for you, and I'm going to make you money. So that's where I did my biggest mistake, and well, now I know from mistakes, is that if you go from 0 to $16 dollars or 0 to 10K in a single month, well, it's not very fun, it's sustainable.

4:50 So how to get to actually 10K per month is, but building all the systems in a way where you can sustain one more time, meaning you have zero cost of application, or it's a little cost of application as possible, meaning you could have 10 clients or 11 or 12, and it wouldn't change a lot.

5:10 In my case it changed so much, because I had to hire two people, I had to do this, I had to do it, it was a bit much of a mess.

5:17 So you want to nail it down on one person and find ways to make it as easy as possible to replicate it for a second client.

5:25 That also means once you're able to do that you can scale from 10K to 50K. Pretty quickly because it's just amount, it's tensuous kind of position.

5:34 But to keep the clients, you have to make them happy. And the second thing which I want to issue is learn to say no.

5:40 That's also a mistake I did, which I bought it on clients, which I didn't like err or. Right. And so what happens is you have natural turn.

5:49 Even today we have natural turn. So, for example, when we run a webinar, well, we're going to have people signing up, and then they're going to be people who are going to be like, well, this isn't for me, and you're going to leave.

6:01 Right? Because they're just not to avatar, we teach and we can get clients for, right? And this can also be because you have different business experience before, or you're just a different kind of person, and you don't like me.

6:16 Then you shouldn't watch a video on a stick, but if you like me, what's amazing? The important action you have to learn is learn to say no.

6:25 If you're in a sales court and you feel like the prospect is not, you say, it doesn't seem any sympathetic to you, you have to learn how to say no.

6:33 Because in the end you're going to work every single day to make his company more money. So you want him to be first competent, hardworking on himself, and firstly have a high integrity.

6:45 meaning he's also going to pay you for the work you do. So that's also something I had to learn which is learn how to say no because then it's way easier to be a 10k per month instead of 10k in one month because that's you then will have issue people being able to pay you for one month but not for two

7:02 . And then you have the problem well now that you made 10k but you're not able to sustain that level which is not very nice.

7:10 So that's the very important is you want to make It's possible to only on board clients where you know they have a long-term potential and they have the personality type and the other character you'd like to work with.

7:24 Now in the beginning you don't know that much, but you want to be sure and make sure to not hop on on board clients that from the get go, you seem to be a decent to be arrogant to you and you don't like them.

7:37 Well, just say, hey, cool, you're not. You're going to find all the agency who's happy to work with you. I'm not.

7:41 That's called looking if you're like a fit. So make sure to only help our clients, you actually want to work with.

7:49 Second thing, make sure to systemize it and focus on making a good service because then you're gonna have more money on a long period of time and it's too much to clients are gonna stick with you.

7:59 So I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you learned something and I will see you next one, peace.


0:38 I mean, $40,000 online this year, and in this video, I want you to save hundreds of artists of struggle, pain, and frustration by doing wrong things.

0:47 So give me 10 minutes and I will make sure to help you up. So today I want to speak about hiring an employee versus AI, which one is the relative decision to take, and this might be controversial, but here's my opinion to it, which is if you get all of those AA agencies popping up, so AI agency.

1:09 And the biggest issue with that is, and since most of the time, just people spending so much time trying to build AI things, which I don't ever use, or they never get to sell.

1:24 So, this is the biggest issue that I see with AI, which is people spend so much time trying those crazy workers with Mac.com, with this and that and they never actually use it, nor is it f****** good.

1:42 And that's where for me, personally, there's a issue. So after having done over 250,000 concels this year, I will tell you, I will know exactly when it is in the eyeball, calling it in one not.

1:55 And he has a thing, right? We have AI coming more and more and more. So AI will take a lot of the work you could have had someone doing before, and now usually for free, or maybe a $20 subscription, come on.

2:12 So there are a lot of good things from that. So if our just generally say which AI is in my opinion, the best, just if you pay HTTP plus, that's the very good AI.

2:22 You can use the appaplexi.ai, which you can use, which is basically actually have more of studying if you want to have specific studies for things, but really in terms of business in running an agency.

2:34 I see a lot of people trying to basically their entire business model is just to provide local businesses or businesses with AI solutions.

2:46 And the idea is good, practically is not good because you get, like I was saying, people who just spend so much time building our workflows, automation, stuff like that, but never actually get to the point of sign clients.

3:02 And here's the thing, when you sign clients, you have the ability to pay the developer to actually build a good AI software, right, because all of you what you're trying to do is combine different software and food are offer service, basic AI solutions.

3:19 Now I will tell you what an AI solution is, is when you develop your own system, software, you can then use to get to provide it as a service, because here's also what you have to keep in mind, every click you do someone else can do as well, right, so that's also a thing of friction, right?

3:40 Well it's not hard to go to VAP here and ask them to make you it, to use that as a tripod, watch a YouTube video and how to make the integration to go at level and sell that, right, and I'm not actually going out there and selling it, and that's the biggest issue, and there's so many people trying to

4:00 sell AI, but I'm not utilizing AI the way it should be, because especially this video I want to speak about, should you hire an employee or AI?

4:08 So this is not even regarding service delivery, which business. I do believe that using AI can be very helpful and it comes with a lot of weights.

4:22 Now I highly recommend our bone and here's where I do recommend automations, automations, not AI solutions. The reason for it is if you can alter it most of the work, well you're going to be better off than if you got a half to hire someone to do a job manually, right?

4:40 So you've got to set yourself, time and money because an automation can work 24-7 compared to an average. Also you don't have to train them, and that's the biggest issue is that AI, you have to think about it, well, core calling with AI is already the most country's illegal, right, and some countries

5:03 is even completely illegal to do core calling. Secondly, the performance of it is still bad, and I was speaking to it with an agency it also taking a moment and she was agreeing to the fact that probably by the end of this year AI is going to be very, very good that people won't be able to distinguish

5:22 between what is a real person and what is AI. Now, he's a thing. You're like, well, let me try to take advantage as soon as possible after AI trend.

5:34 He's what I will tell you as well. If you're too early, you're going to mess up more than actually going to be beneficial to you.

5:44 So here's what I'm trying to say. What you should do is focus on getting clients. And if you need a change of PT to help you about how to make an offer, I highly recommend church PT.

5:56 As a recommendation, there is a church PT called Alex Humozi, and if you're making a one-of-a-refinier offer, you can use a GPT inside church PT.

6:05 So that's where you either use a free version, you have a limited amount of searches you can do, but it's so amazing because you can refine it off and find you can make it off a more attractive to people.

6:17 Right? And in terms of outreach, well you have all of those combination with AI and all of that, personalizing a core core, personalizing, and the abstract is done by understanding the problems of someone and not congratulating them on the first child being born because you have stranger like what has

6:40 stranger tells you or amazing cute baby you have well you're like cool thank you but that's it and if you say hey look I know exactly what the problem is of you having a baby right now it's super stressed you don't even have time to do anything because baby takes so much time so hey look here's what 

6:56 I will help you for business I will have people with your marketing so you don't have to worry about it.

7:02 That's called personalizing. Now, that second example would apply to everyone who has a young baby. What you would do, it spend so much time trying to personalize it with AI and all that that doesn't make sense.

7:18 And to come back to the point of, should you hire a say, I, well, tell me what cell drives exist in terms of the R.

7:27 Right? So you have to really think, well, where do I spend the most of the time? And if, for example, it's a poem booking, well, you can look into implementing an R.

7:36 And about time that's something very important that I had to learn from some other answers, you should either, if you're high in commission basis, well, you can lose a lot of f****** time training people.

7:45 And usually, if it's commission basis, you can also find a way to ultimate it with software, we're going to And yes, you're going to have a cause, but the cause is going to be worthwhile because you're going have less time spent into things like training a person and more time into actually getting results

8:01 , making money back from the software you just paid. And thirdly, you should only hire at the same moment to say when you actually have a problem that takes so much of a few time, but it's mandatory to be done and cannot be done by an automation.

8:22 So for example, if you get inbound leads, you can use it men and check. All right. And that's automation. There's not AI that's automations.

8:29 So I highly recommend automations. But when you come for example to a self-shelter well, you cannot hire an AI self-rare.

8:35 All right. So that's the biggest thing. If you will, if possible, you want to combine both. But please, for the sake and love of Please don't waste time with trying to build AI solutions for yourself, try to make you life as easy as possible, but focus on automation and focus on volume and actually getting

8:55 out there and cutting clients. I'll be your joy, and see you next one. Peace!


0:00 I made $40,000 in 7 months with my agency and in the next 10 minutes I will learn you stuff which will save you hundreds of hours of struggles, pain and suffering So, pay attention So what will I cover today which is Where should you start investing as an agency owner?

0:15 Well, there are a million options where you should say Yeah, you can invest in Bitcoin, Crypto, all of this stuff So, I wanna break it down to you as easily as possible What should you do when you actually start making money?

0:28 Well, the answer is quite simple honestly But I wanted to explain you why, the way I see it, the way I think about it, which is you should invest in yourself Now, what do I mean by that?

0:38 When you own an early journey of entrepreneurship business, you have been in business for maybe one year, maybe even less, maybe two years, three years, five years, you want to invest in yourself because all of us think, yeah, well, if you invest in the crypto that, you know, have a 10x, well, you're

0:55 gonna make so much more money Now, what you forget to, uhm, uhm, to think about is that your own mind is a tool which you can utilize to make more money.

1:06 So, feeding you tool with more information, knowledge, experience, is gonna allow you to make more money. Like, honestly, in the beginning, the fastest way to make more money is to invest in yourself and your own business.

1:23 Because your own business has the highest chance of making more money. What I mean by that, you can go from 10k to 10k .

1:30 to $50,000 in a single month. No, tell me what kind of ETM or whatever goal you can buy, which will allow you to go from 10k to 50k.

1:40 So, literally 5x within a month, your revenue. So, really what I want you to buy basically think about it, what should I invest in is more important than where, which is what should I invest into, which is, for example, in books.

2:00 Folks. A lot of people starting agencies are very quite young, right? So, aging between under age to 2025. In those years, we are all pretty young.

2:14 Meaning, we have so much more to learn. We have no wisdom. And there was a, the spotcars that I was, I was hearing, which was speaking about wisdom.

2:24 And basically, what will allow us to make more money is going to be our ability to judge things. It's better, right?

2:32 So, judge opportunity is better. Judge, what bias is more to run, what offer to run with. And our judgments get better, but the amount of knowledge we have about a certain thing, right?

2:44 That's why you go to an expert or a doctor to have his judgment based on, are you sick? Are you good?

2:53 It's the judgment of another person. And you take the judgment as true or false, or you have a more high impact.

3:01 The chance of having the right judgment when you go to an expert, right? In case of you being sick. So, really, I want to try to nail down this to as many people as head as possible, which is invest in yourself.

3:14 Learn from other people who are further than you. Learn from books. Do stuff. Get experiences. Be willing to work with clients for free.

3:24 And not make money just to get the experience, because I mean, the experience is worth much more than any dollar.

3:31 . Now, an example for it is, is if you're going to university, or you know people going to university, or you're heading to go to university, right?

3:41 You pay willing to pay $150,000 for education. Well, you could buy, literally the books that you learned there. And now you have $150,000 you can put it back into yourself to wait in the things you actually want to learn, and back into your business.

4:00 Now, here's an important thing. Which is a misconception, which is, well, if I put it back into my business, I have the chance of losing it, and I don't know, well, I'm not going to get a knowledge from it.

4:10 Well, knowing how to manage money in a company, and how to lose money, is experiences which unfortunately cost money, because you're losing money.

4:19 But are very, very valuable, because if you understand what to do when you actually bleed money, is super, super powerful, because it's going to allow you to handle money.

4:31 As a business owner. Also, it's going to give you the possibility of, let's say, hiring a person, so you get experience as a team leader, you get experience, uh, exposed, let's say if you invest in networking, you get the chance of meeting other people, which are in the same space so you can get more

4:46 knowledge. So, investing in your business usually gives you the highest amount of leverage for the money you have. And the second and best thing is, of course, yourself.

4:55 For example, there was this book which, uh, I wanted to read, which is, uh, the wealth of nation. Uh, uhm, From, I promise with, I think, I've not really yet.

5:04 But it was interesting because I was speaking for a person and he was telling me, well, in his studies, he had learned exactly that.

5:10 And I was like, well, the book cost $20. He'd say, well, the university cost me $100,000. I was like, well, if you study the same book as I do, well, of course, I don't have the teacher who's going to tell me exactly, uh, how to analyze it.

5:27 But, basically, now I have, uh, 950, uh, 999, and I'm done. I'll have $13 more, which I could book, uh, pay into, well, whatever I want, whatever I want to learn about.

5:40 Which can be science, which can be anything, which will help me get more experience, more knowledge. It will be able to help me make better judgments.

5:52 Which will also in return allow you to have more money and be able to invest in money smarter. So, no, you should not start by investing it to gold.

6:01 . . or into investing into a S&P 500. You should start investing yourself. And not only see as much as possible. And for the longest amount of time.

6:10 Because if your ability to take decisions, get better by default, you won't make more money. If you compare the person who is right 80% of the time, and the person who is right 90% of the time, the person who, well, literally make so much more money by the same stuff they're doing.

6:30 Because one person is just gonna be right. More times in the other one. So you're gonna make more money just by having better judgement.

6:37 So, with that being said, really focus on learning as much as you can from people above you, people that steps ahead of you from books as much as possible, from videos, from courses, from measuring, whatever you can do, try to learn, get to experience from other people to save yourself time, and also

6:56 do so you can actually fail but in the right direction. So, that's my advice. you And yeah, if you want more help, we are helping a lot of agency owners grow the agency which we're having amazing results with.

7:08 You can just check it out with the link below this video. It's amazing. And yeah, if you have more questions of course you can let me know in the comments and I will make a video about that topic.

7:18 So, I hope you enjoyed it and everyone have an amazing day. Speak to you soon. Bye Bye.


0:05 I made over $16,000 in my first month with my agency and I promise you by giving me 10 minutes of your time I will save you hundreds of hours of struggles and be able to answer you the question of when should I hire my first employee.

0:19 So let's get into it. Now a very good question to ask yourself when starting your business, when running your business, when should I hire my first employee.

0:28 In this video, I want to give you a bit of a like for me. What process which is going to be super crucial when you hire and like what positions you should hire first.

0:36 So, let's get into it. Firstly, now one thing which is you want to make sure that you financially can't afford the person is not going to put you in promise of hiring the person.

0:48 Now there are multiple ways of paying a person, think no one. You can hire on a commission basis, you can hire on a performance basis, for example, if it's an appointment set up per appointment or hourly rate, right?

0:59 So you have all kinds of different options. . Pricing structures you can have. Now, you want to see how important the role is.

1:07 You don't want to give, for example, equity of your company to an appointment set up. If you have a partner, then this could be a first that you hire.

1:17 In terms of really hiring, one which is a full-time person, an employee, uh, then usually you're going to pay them per hour.

1:25 But first important thing which is make sure you can actually afford it. Second thing. Which is going to be what is the thing that made you want to hire a person.

1:40 Which is usually people tend to want to hire someone because they are running away from pain. They don't want to do cold calls, they don't want to do outreach, they don't want to do sales.

1:50 But usually the big mistake people do is they hire too early. Meaning they do not have the skills yet to be able to teach the person how to do it then.

1:58 So then they blame the person that they're not good. Good, bye. In reality, they're better at it themselves. So for example in sales a lot of people don't like being on sales calls and things like that.

2:07 So they hire a sales rep, but then the sales rep doesn't close, but then what should you do? You can't tell him that he sucks because you suck as well.

2:16 So really a thing about it, is it the thing, is it just that I'm overwhelmed with work, so I'm questioning to myself, I don't know what to do anymore because I'm just overwhelmed, I'm working 10 hours a day.

2:29 Then, the question I want to do Good. If that's the case by the way, the question I want to ask yourself, which is, what is a reputable task that I do every single day, which is mandatory to do, important, which is mandatory to do, that I could save myself time on not doing it by having another task 

2:51 which has more leverage. I'm going to give you an example. For example, hiring a call caller on an appointment set is a very smart move to do.

3:00 When you know how to build an . Because then what you want to do is you want to spend as much time as possible on sales calls and not doing outreach because outreach is going to give you sales calls.

3:10 Now, if you can just have more sales calls coming in and you're focusing on the sales calls, closing the people, guess what?

3:18 Now, your time has more leverage because you're actually doing an activity which is going to bring you more money in return for the time you put in.

3:28 So, this is really important. This, what? Health. tasks besides tasks you want the person to do has more leverage for you to do.

3:36 So, if you're like, yeah, well, I don't want to do sales calls, well, what else would you do instead of doing a sales call?

3:44 Yes, I don't know. I mean, I would have more free time. Well, I will not necessarily replace a thing which is going to make you money because sales is going to make you money.

3:53 So, that's the really question that you want to ask yourself is, you want to hire the first person when you're self-honored.

4:00 So, that's by the way, it's going to be natural that you wouldn't want to search for another person. When you have so much to do, you don't know what to do anymore.

4:10 And then a very important question is you ask yourself, what could I automate, delegate, which is also, also an option automating, which is basically, instead of a human doing it, you can have an AI board or software doing it, which is, what is the thing that caused me a lot of time, which is managing

4:30 it. It's going to you for me to do so I cannot just stop doing it, but there could be something else which I could do in the meantime, which would give me better return on my time.

4:39 So, if you ask those few questions to yourself during the process of, hey, should I hire my first employee, and when should I do it?

4:47 You really want to do it when you're like, cool, I'm overwhelmed, and I think I could have a better return on my time by doing sales calls instead of outreach.

4:57 Now, a lot of people do the mistakes where they say, well, I just want to have more free time. . . So, let me hire someone.

5:04 Well, if you have more free time, you usually also get more capable of working more. So, in the beginning, if you're not making money, or only a little bit, you want to basically win time for more leverage activity so you can grow the business.

5:18 Right, your first hire should be to grow your business and not so you can go chill on Dubai Beach and just enjoy your drink.

5:26 It should be so you have the time to do activities with more levels. So, after that, for example, the example I was giving, which is first hire a call caller, or an appointment book here, and you do the sales calls, then it should become very good at sales, then you want to have a self rep so you can

5:42 have a, uh, call caller, sales rep, and they do basically the work, they take the commission, and you now have time to do a more leverage activity, which is going to be, for example, team leading, uh, product management on all of those things, if, later on.

5:59 Right, but that's the question, it's like, what are you you doing? The is more, has more leverage than getting people's money, which is closing people, and that's why I would say ourselves is one of the least positions, and last positions you want to outsource, which is, because it also takes a lot of

6:17 time to train the people to become good at that, so first hire should be, what is the task which is mandatory for me to do, which caused me a lot of time, that I know how to do, importantly, have expertise, but I could have someone else doing it because I'm Then I have the time to do it more leverage

6:33 activity, and if that's the case, then you should hire a person, and think of the payment structure you can have.

6:38 If you can have them commission-based, performance-based, appointment-based, whatever you do, or you can have all kinds of structures with them.

6:45 If it's even a testimonial, whatever you want to do, this is, uh, what I would use as a framework to when you should hire your first employee.

6:53 So I hope you enjoyed the video. If you have more questions and you want to grow your business, your agency, then, uh, we have a committee down below.

7:00 You can check out where you use here to speak with me and other agency owners every single week. You can check that out.

7:05 We have a limited offer till the end of December, as we're trying to win the school games. So I would love you support, and we're going to support you back if you want to have more help from myself and my team.

7:15 And yeah, if not, have an amazing afternoon evening, or whatever is time needed for you, and speak to you soon.

7:21 Cheers!


0:01 I made over $40,000 this year online with my agency and if you give me 10 minutes of your time I will try to save you hundreds and hundreds of hours of struggle.

0:11 So what I want to speak to you is the things I wished I would have known before starting my agency.

0:19 So I'm going to get right into it. So first thing, which is every single guru tries to basically lure you into starting your online business with their specific course.

0:29 Now don't get me wrong. There's a lot of money you can make online and more about that later. What really the issue is, is they make it look easy.

0:39 They tell you, you can get a client within 30 days. They make you this crazy guarantee. You just get 20 clients within the next 80 days and if not, we'll refund you your money.

0:50 They make it look easy. On top of that, they sell you the dream life. Like, for example, Iman Gazi, right, into buy with G Wagnus or Charlie Morgan, uh, who by the way, Okay.

1:00 It's a very good guy. And all of the other ones selling you an absolute dream and you're like, I want to have the dream, right?

1:08 If you actually pay attention, most of the videos, VSLs, all of that, is just speaks about this desired freedom. Now, don't take me wrong.

1:18 This freedom is actually amazing. It's like, I can say just because I'm full time in business, I was able to make myself free.

1:26 That it is amazing. It's like, I have absolute location. Time for freedom. Like, I don't have to go to school.

1:33 I don't have to go to a job. I can do whatever I want. And that is absolutely beautiful. Now, the second thing is it's, it's actually not true.

1:45 When you start making money, right? First it's going to take you way longer than you think. But when it actually starts making money, what you're going to realize is, f***, I cannot stop.

1:54 Because if I stop, my business is going to crash. I mean, if you want to sustain, 10, 10, 10, 8 per month, or 100k per month, you're actually going to have to do work.

2:05 So there's two things that are going to happen. First, you're going to have, and you will, by default, develop love for a game.

2:13 Meaning you're going to actually start loving the challenges of business. Because I mean, it's what you're going to do all day.

2:20 So you better love it. And that's the few things people understand, especially in the beginning, is they hate. It seems like, I wish him so painful all of those stuff.

2:29 But actually it's, you at one certain point, when you start making money, you have and you will start to love the game.

2:37 Which is, I think, I didn't knew when I started. So if you, everything felt painful, I didn't want to do anything.

2:43 And actually, it becomes better over time. Because you start loving the game. Now, the second thing to this is that you're actually going to spend most time working.

2:53 It's like, what do you think you imagine? It's like, you just turn 25. And now you're going to be on Dubai's part.

3:00 All right, and don't do anything. Right, I will tell you, if you actually make it financially to the state, after three days you're going to be bored.

3:10 Completely f****** bored. You're not going to know what to do. Right, because being on the beach, beach is nice for three days, one week.

3:17 And some can even hold up to one month. But actually, if you don't do anything, you're literally going to get bored.

3:24 And you're going to start running in business again. Meaning, they sell you the dream, you flying to Cape Town and then chilling.

3:30 Yet, that's a b****. One week, or three weeks out of the year. Rest of the year, you're just running. Because that's what you love doing.

3:37 And that's a realization, it took me a lot of time to grasp. But honestly, it's a beautiful thing and another thing which is like, it's not, it's not what you think it is.

3:45 It's like, you just have the freedom to work wherever you want. Do whatever you want. But it's not like, you're chilling in bal, on bali and having a cocktail and not doing any work.

3:56 Because that's not how it happens. Right, we're actually going to do stuff. Now, I know a good point. mind. Which, honestly, I think all of all of you have to hear it.

4:05 And the point is, it actually works. You have been pulled from all kinds of people, taking you to drop shipping, to this business model.

4:17 And then there's in the entire family and friends that tell you, it's not going to work. Right? And you're like, maybe this is all just school or shit.

4:23 Because, look, you might say I'm contradicting myself, I'm not, but I'll get to that. Which is, it's actually possible. To make money online.

4:33 It actually works. And I'm going to just approve of it. I'm nobody special, I'm just growing my ass off and trying my absolutely best to get clients.

4:41 And to start my marketing agency and to do the things I do today. It works. So please believe in yourself.

4:50 Because service-based businesses have always existed. And you can always make it work. Because there's always going to be a person who needs something to be done.

4:57 So, if you can just be the person that feels the need to be Or that you will be able to run a business and you will be able to make money.

5:04 Now, a very crucial point. Which is, you like, first you tell me, your guru tells you it's going to be easy.

5:11 Now you tell me it works. Like, what are you saying? The third point, which is going to be, it just takes longer than you think it does.

5:19 It's not going to take you one week. It's not going to take you one month. It's not going to take you three months.

5:23 It's not going to take you five months. It's not going to take you six months. It's going to take you twelve to thirty six months.

5:30 You hit it right. One to three years to start from zero skills to ten k per month. Upwards, it's going to take you zero.

5:38 Literally, it's going to take you between twelve and thirty six months. And you're like, how do you know? Do reason for, and by the way, that's why it's like, between one year and three years is a big difference.

5:49 It's like, somehow days. That depends on your ability to learn quickly and execute quickly. And lastly, how, how do you work?

5:59 And, uh, Now, why minimum twelve months? If you have never booked an employment before, if you have never made an offer before, if you have never sold something before, if you have never fulfilled something before, there's all stuff you're going to have to learn.

6:14 Now, on top of that, at one point, if you're making ten k per month, it's not just having five clients paying you two k per month.

6:21 That's not how these days it works. Meaning, you're going to have to have staff, you're going to have VAs in the least, maybe you're going to have partners, maybe you're going to have people who help you.

6:31 So if you don't want to be a slave to your business, there are things like team leader management of the staff, they're going to come into place.

6:38 So these are all skills you will need to learn over the coming years. And you're like, well, it's not that hard to make money.

6:48 The thing is, yes, when you possess this skill, I could literally go out, call up local businesses, call call them, and offer them a very simple offer, which would be database reactivity, which they should, on a performance deal, or from one to three weeks, unless you were from one week, I would have

7:07 a client, or in three weeks, I would make money. You're like, why you, uh, like, I don't believe you. The reason is very simple.

7:15 It's just once you possess the skills of selling people, of knowing how to book appointments, knowing how to make good offers, you literally know how to get clients.

7:24 Not the second thing is the fulfilling, right? But if you understand that very important principle, which is, you just gotta recommend it.

7:30 Alright, we'll see you for the skills, you just gotta get to experience, then you will actually be able to go from zero to ten thousand dollars.

7:42 And honestly, ten thousand dollars is just a name that some people put in, like, a lifestyle, they combine those two things.

7:48 But honestly, you can have a very beautiful life at 8K per month, you can have a beautiful life at 16K per month.

7:53 It just depends on what your expenses are, where you live, and what you want to do, and what you expect from life.

7:58 So just you being able to have freedom is literally what you were all thriving for, being able to do whatever we want.

8:05 To achieve that, it's absolutely possible, it's gonna take you a f******* of time, so be prepared to work for 12 to 36 months before it's seeing results.

8:15 And don't believe in bullshit, like, get clients ASAP. Because that's not gonna happen. You gotta do the hard work, you gotta learn from people, let's shoot.

8:24 But be sure to actually take action and give yourself enough time. Now, that being said, if you want to have more help, Help.

8:31 We are hosting amazing things this week in our community, in the next couple of weeks, in our free and premium community, where you can get as much help as you can for your agency.

8:41 We're also hosting two webinars, so just check the link down below, whatever is there. Uh, it's probably gonna be amazing, and it can help you grow your agency.

8:50 So I hope you can enjoy it, by the way, most of the stuff here. 99% of the stuff is free.

8:54 And of course, just if you want to work closely to me, it might be paying. But if you want to get help, you might have just look around, .

9:01 You should be having enough stuff. So have an amazing day, and speak to you in the next video. Cheers. Peace.


0:00:01 super happy you made it to this page. Now here you are about to watch one hour of pure call calling training pure of gold so I will cover firstly a lot regarding the objections you get and also the mindset issues that you have Right, I will show you how to overcome them Why they're irrational and other

0:00:21 things like that and then secondly we'll go exactly to the exact call call script you're about to get below. We will exactly cover it step by step how to utilize it so you can become very successful.

0:00:33 Now, I'm teaching you this with over 250,000 call calls done last year to our best prime 25,000 a single week.

0:00:41 I've hired and trained over 90 people to do call calls and over dozens of students to become very, very successful So if you can't focus for one hour, so you can become very, very good appointment booking.

0:00:55 So you can actually sign clients by getting more sales calls. I'm going to be honest. You don't deserve to make 10k. So if you're not going to watch it before, please click off.

0:01:04 All I want is to commit to watch this one video in full so you can get actual results for your agency.

0:01:11 So I hope you enjoy it. And I'll answer. Let's get into it.

0:01:14 we going to speak about today? Beautiful call calling. So, first, I want to clarify one thing. I know you hate it.

0:01:30 Secondly, congratulations. I feel pity for you. I'm so sorry. I'm really like it's so bad if you're so bad for you that you don't like it and you don't want to do it.

0:01:50 But here's the thing. If you want to make money. make money fast you need to learn to cook all and here's one I was actually speaking a person I will give you this one life hack like honestly I won't please pay attention if you are broke like brought f*** broken completely can we pin this mile book or

0:02:22 is it already pinned? If you're broke as f***, I will tell you the fastest way to make money. I will guarantee this is the fastest way to make money.

0:02:34 So, you learning call calls? Well, if you're from going broke and I guarantee you this, because two days ago, I spoke with a person and he's gonna do that.

0:02:44 And I pray for God for him that he's actually going to do it because this can save his ass. Here's the deal.

0:02:52 All of the businesses have existing customers or all customers and there's a very, very simple service you can provide which is database reactivation.

0:03:04 So what you will do is you will call up so you can call call all of the database which are better way warm needs so that easy to convert.

0:03:13 you can charge a low base fee plus per appointment that you booked him and he's the thing all you f****** need is a phone to do this right and all you day long you will do one thing which is on the board you don't want to do it you hate doing it but it will prevent you from going absolutely broke we'll

0:03:38 help you make money and get out of that and whatever situation you are in you got a core core businesses.

0:03:44 You're gonna take a list of Google maps, right? At least you can use your f****** phone if you're in the same country.

0:03:48 You take your phone, you start calling the businesses, hey, I have this offer for you, right? That's what you, I'm rich, you can go over scripts and all of that stuff.

0:03:56 And what to actually say, if you know how to do core calls, you will not go broke because it's awful you do, it's just, hey, you do core calls, so like what you're doing right now, you go to call call businesses to pitch your service and what will the service be?

0:04:12 The same thing you just did to them with this call call the database is a call up the database to get them appointments and here's the thing usually that's the highest converting office that makes most money to fathers but if you see people saying like I'm 90K in like 30 days my leg local businesses 

0:04:31 usually comes from database reactivation because that's people who already paid you. There's people who already knows you. It's very, very easier for me to sell one of you again than it's to sell stranger.

0:04:44 So by the way, this is an amazing marketing solution you can have for businesses because most businesses already have clients.

0:04:51 So just selling the same clients again is a beautiful thing to do. So if you hit rock bottom, pick up the f****** phone, call up I will call up your entire database and all I want you to do you is pay me 200 bucks 500 bucks to do this for this entire right and $50 per moment right or whatever is fitting

0:05:17 to that local industry right if it's real thing if you want to Procote you already know this stuff right So just take the minimum you need to survive like usually take the minimum you need to survive They say $500.

0:05:31 Hey call up 500 like can you pay me $500 based and I will call up the entire need date I will call up two thousand needs in next week Right You have one kind to pay you in all you do is cocoa.

0:05:43 No, you're gonna You can hate it, but here can tell you what is the thing if you are broke as f****** you end up This is how you make money quickly.

0:05:51 This is just the only cheat code that is to money It's just doing the shit nobody wants to do Right, I will tell you, another job where you always make money, taking out the trash, you know, those like wagons, if drive around the city, you always, always get a job there.

0:06:08 Nobody thinks of that, that's just because nobody wants to do it, but there is always money where people don't want to do stuff.

0:06:15 So, by the way, this is a little side note, if you want to make money quick because you need money, do this, call up local businesses, offer them to call up their database, like minimum cost, if you have like literally 200 bucks or whatever you have, you just call up the database, right?

0:06:31 This is simply what you can do. Now, as I know you hate it, you don't want to do it, and you got to have to do it if you want to make money.

0:06:39 And I will explain to you one thing which is super important. The reason you have those first thoughts, right? It's because of one single thing, which is you, because you ate two simple things, Like, honestly, all of the humans do it, hate rejection, I'm typing German, beautiful.

0:07:05 Hate rejection, fear call calling, which is literally the biggest reason why people want to call calls. And then we have more like more mindset issues like you're too comfortable.

0:07:26 And then the fourth thing is you just suck at it. You're like okay bro, he just said for the last five minutes some random words which now I don't f****** know what to do with it.

0:07:42 So I'm going to go through the steps and through the things one by one and I want you to realize the number one reason Like people don't do causes just need to put us to things right so if you can get those two things out of the way And I will tell you usually the fastest way here's the thing right and

0:07:59 I want to explain something funny which is You probably all have here those overnight success like the people who started like under the bridge right and from the under the bridge they became a millionaire in like 12 months right or I made like a hundred pay in 12 months right you probably have heard

0:08:17 it all and again to say it comes back to the reason which is why people do stuff and I will explain the most simplest reason why you're not making progress or you don't make money and I want you to understand and think for it this is you today and you're happy, very important, you're happy.

0:08:41 Meaning, that's a current situation. Now, we're going to take, let's say, a battery to illustrate the example, and that's going to be the battery of pain.

0:09:00 So, the amount of pain you have, right and that's future you let future you right and now there's something called the in-between and in-between that's change and we'll all make sense soon and change has a certain pain very very very very important that you to understand this.

0:09:26 So your current situation has pain and your future situation has pain as well. Understood? Meaning, if your current situation has pain and changing as well as pain, you're gonna choose one.

0:09:43 And let me explain something. Humans, and that's also why you know that office work, right? Humans run way from pain.

0:10:08 If you understand Lishi did one principle of humanity, you're gonna stand so much, so so much. Why do drugs? Why are drugs one of the highest, like, like most profitable and biggest industries worldwide?

0:10:25 Right? Coffee is the same thing because coffee is a drug as well. As we all hate it to say, admit it, it is a drug, caffeine, right?

0:10:33 They could team. These are the biggest f****** industry. You want to make money, p********** is as well, one of the biggest industries.

0:10:43 You want to make money quickly, go into industries. Why did you drug Gila make so much money so quickly? The customer's call always back and And here's the reason, because humans run away from pain.

0:10:57 And nowadays won't end run towards pleasure. And there's something called instant gratification where you have all hair. All of once wants the pain that we have right now to be alleviated as of now.

0:11:09 That's what we have people telling you, you're going to make 10k within 30 days. You're going to make 25k within 30 days or within two days, you're going to make a half a million.

0:11:18 Right? And it gets crazy every single day. but the same thing you have with drugs the same thing right that's why people start smoking right after you start let's see you usually that's how you start right usually you start drinking alcohol right and you feel bad you got a shit day shit week you broke

0:11:37 up with other part they're gonna be drunk completely oh and you're gonna be your friends they won't tell you hey take smoke this because you drunk you're gonna be inclined to say yes you know you're gonna start to smell.

0:11:49 Now this habits get over again now the friends you make do also drugs and that's how you come into this like cycle of death where you just see from there the amount of instant gratification you get is crazy as your mind got f***** like literally completely f***** and unfortunately I know a personal case

0:12:09 of it and it doesn't know as well. It's very very very sad to see. And you have people around your yourself that have been going into the drugs direction.

0:12:18 It's very, very, very sad to see. Now, to come back to your co-calling because this is getting very like emotion, like very mindset.

0:12:26 But you have to understand co-calling is like the simple reason why people don't do it because their mind is broken.

0:12:31 It's not accurate what you need to do to be able to do co-calling because co-calling in itself is easy. You like to show me the script.

0:12:38 I can give you the script. You will do 10 co-calls and then you're going to be scared and then you're going to stop and that's not the purpose of this course.

0:12:44 The purpose of you to actually get to your goals and for if you need to take action. Now, humans run away from pain towards pleasure.

0:12:55 So, not as you know, there are two pains that we have. Usually, when we want to make programs, there are two pains.

0:13:04 We want to make programs. So, this is to change in this direction, they shouldn't be any dogs right here. Change can also be measured in progress, right?

0:13:17 Important to understand is if you want to be made progress this could be for example you making mine, right? Are you being fitter, right?

0:13:24 So having like this nice beat selbst, right? You being a strong dude. Now there are two pains, there's the pain of your current situation and is the pain of change.

0:13:39 Very importantly, pain of change and pain of current situation. And I will tell you what happens. When the pain of the current, let me give you two colors so you can understand.

0:13:50 When the pain of your current situation, let's say is low, right? Because you're comfortable, you have a roof over your head, you have your parents that pay for your house, like rent, you have study, Whatever you have an income 95 income.

0:14:03 Why is it so hard to get off from 95 to let's say become an entrepreneur? I won't explain in this all makes sense when the pain of The current situation is low Yeah, I'm not that happy You know, I want to make more money, but the pain of change is As f****** big this is the pain of change because the

0:14:26 pain of change is you having to do exactly this You have to do vocals, you don't want to do it, you hate doing it, it takes up time, you feel like you're not making anything out of your day, and you can reject it all the time so you feel like shit.

0:14:43 Now this is where the pain of change is so high, and now I will tell you what happens in this scenario, right, in this scenario you see right now, that's what will happen, can anyone tell me what will happen in this scenario?

0:14:56 When the pain of change is greater than the pain of your current situation, what will happen. Daniel, put up your phone.

0:15:03 Daniel, what happens? Are you asking me? Yes. Then when the pain has become too great, you make a change for your situation.

0:15:15 That's opposite. But when the pain of change is greater than the pain of your current situation, what happened? I'm sorry.

0:15:29 This Fernando, when the pain of change is greater than the pain of your situation, what do you do? Reject the change?

0:15:45 Beautiful, exactly. Thank you, Fernando. So this is exactly what happens. If the pain, we again, that's why it needs to be understood.

0:15:55 Humans run away from pain into what's pleasure, meaning if there is more pain in changing than this pain in staying as you are, you will not change.

0:16:06 You have to understand this, this is exactly the reason why you're not signing clients faster than you think you do.

0:16:11 And now I'll give you the second example, right, which I also know from persons around me, right. If the pain of your current situation is as big, right, let's get even bigger.

0:16:23 Let's say you hate you turn yourself right because you're not happy with who you are you're not making any money you literally broke in next month you're gonna end up on a street you're being kicked out by a family or you're in f****** pain right you don't have a job you have no money you're actually

0:16:41 broke I will tell you you will not care you will pick up the phone and do 300 call calls and just to Exhibition example, a person I knew the pain of his current situation was so high The guy did 1,500 cork wasn't a single day for one week straight Now you think that's crazy.

0:17:06 It is it's absolutely crazy Because in this case The pain of your current situation is higher than the pain of change When the pain of your current situation is higher than the pain of change You will make progress so Super important to understand it no matter for what No matter for what and then that

0:17:31 has nothing to do with consistency This has to do with starting something in the first place the reason you start going to gym in the first time Why because you felt uncomfortable in your skin and And the pain of changing, so the pain of going through gym was smaller for you, and this is important subjectively

0:17:48 , meaning it's only for you, how you feel pain is very different from me and from someone else. Right, so that means if you want to get started, you have to realize that you can go f*** broke tomorrow.

0:18:05 have any one of you done the task I asked you to do it ask a home home this person and why they ended up on the streets has anyone done that please please do it I don't have to do it for you and I'll record it and I will send in community and I will you will be discussed I know a personal case the person

0:18:30 has had a $250,000 year in yearly lawyer, seven years of study, issued a perfect person you could imagine. He ended up on the streets.

0:18:42 I know him personally. I've met him. Now, if that is not a fun, f****** enough pain to move, to become something, to become someone that can earn money, then you really have a problem, then here's the thing, if you have no reason to change and all of you have a reason for your own business.

0:19:06 If you have no reason to be here, then stop pretending to want to have a business. If you actually have a reason of why you want to business and it's going to be different than what I want.

0:19:17 Being financially free, this can be to get out of poverty, to help your family, whatever What is it for you?

0:19:23 If the pain is big enough, understand that it's painful to change, but if you don't change your current situation, you're going to be there as well next year and nobody is going to care.

0:19:38 So, that means, how does you understand that you have to change? And the person who understands this, just call calling.

0:19:48 It's just f****** call calling. It's just calling a random stranger. It takes about to give you an estimate two minutes For a stranger to forget your name It takes two minutes for a stranger to forget your name.

0:20:04 You could literally call up a lead after five minutes again with a different name People would not f****** recognize it unless you have like the craziest Russian accent Right in calling the US As long as you fit in with most of you to you all fit in into the social class in two minutes they forgot your

0:20:23 existence. Like literally I forget most of you listen after hoping after call and you forget about me. Because we are we only care about ourselves.

0:20:36 And I maybe care more about you than you care about me but that's fine. right? So no Daniel love love you bro.

0:20:47 So now that's comes that with that being said what I want to realize you're gonna hate it but something you're also gonna have to learn is that in the meantime my corkals are fun you're like what the f*** how can your corkals be fun right how can corkals be fun Daniel can relate to this.

0:21:07 I wish you me on call calls and here's the first principle I want you to understand. I'm going to take the abbreviation of CC for call call.

0:21:21 You have heard me say that a million times. A million f****** times. See also the conversation. A call call is a conversation.

0:21:29 I think Daniel has like call calls to go 10 minutes. Sorry questions are going to be at the end for this massacre.

0:21:36 Thank you. The call call is a conversation. It's all just a conversation. If you see it as someone else and I will tell you that's number one reason why you don't look, right.

0:21:48 And here's the thing. I was actually watching a video and was like it's way easier a person to tell what not to do than it is to tell a person what to do, right.

0:21:58 So if you just avoid this f****** mistakes you will win. So first, understand you need a f****** reason. If you reason to do something, it's great in a new current situation because you understand that your life is miserable.

0:22:09 If you ever ask a homeless person how they become homeless, they didn't want to end there. And if they had more skills, they would have maybe made it.

0:22:17 They would have maybe had the chance to call up like the first thing I told you. If you know how to call car businesses, if you are good, call call is a skill you can learn.

0:22:26 if you process that skill and sales, let's say, you will be able to make money anytime anywhere, no matter what age, no matter what year we are in, maybe 2050, you can still make money because it's principles that you learn, so you will never go f****** broke again if you know how to make money to businesses

0:22:52 and the simplest way to do that is call calling because it doesn't take anything else like I would even say easier than co-calling is door knocking because you need a phone for that.

0:23:01 But if you understand co-calls you get to door knocking because this is actually thing. So actually co-calling is easier to face.

0:23:11 So if you understand that you actually have to learn co-calling and become good at making money and co-calls as a skill then you have to check out the first thing which is no matter if you hate or not you gotta do it right so this you can go as well now the number one thing that people do wrong right

0:23:34 they don't apply this meaning they between you are robot I don't know why to this I don't understand why people change their behavior completely in the cold cold I will tell you, cold cold is a conversation and some of you do it naturally Correcting right like Daniel I think you did 60 cold cold and 

0:24:03 got seven sales calls right because it's just natural you just have a conversation with people Because you actually read and you don't stop speaking.

0:24:11 It's just great right but for other people you're hoping in cold cold and you're that f****** nervous because you care too much.

0:24:18 And like I said, people forget your existence within two minutes, if you are stranger. Like, listen. For example, if you go walk in the city and you saw a pretty person or like an ugly person, you literally forgot them 10 seconds later.

0:24:34 Can you remember any case you have seen today that was stranger? No, you cannot because you don't give a shit.

0:24:41 They don't give a shit about you, unless they hop on a call with you, which is exactly what you want to do.

0:24:49 So if you understand that there is no reason to be robotic and change the person you are or to be scared of it.

0:24:56 Like I said, the number one piece, people don't do call calls in first place, it's because they're scared, they fear the rejection, they fear to interrupt people, these are not a fear people have, but to interrupt people.

0:25:06 And then on the call call, which is step two, if they are not themself, they fear speaking to the people because they fear being judged.

0:25:17 Fear of rejection, what does fear of rejection means is to be said no. All of you say, I don't care if someone says no.

0:25:24 You fear being judged. That's the actual fear behind it. Which is someone is going to think you're shit, someone's going to tell you to go f*** yourself.

0:25:33 Like this, I've hit all kind of crazy things from men to woman and all other kind of things on call calls which is that she discussed it right now do you care they don't care about you that's what it like that's what it's insulted you right because they didn't care about you so why should you so honestly

0:25:53 you should not care about a call call the only reason you do it is for them to help on a call right and a lot of people why I don't want to do Cocoa was because I don't want to interrupt people I don't want to interrupt a person like they might be like working or they might be in the meeting right We've

0:26:12 been interrupted all f****** day by our phone This you think about this Our phone is interrupting you every time always random people calling up Random IG messages likes oh don't be nice Now, this is the same for Coco, just accept the fact that you're interrupting someone for a good purpose, right, because

0:26:35 you want to help their business. So understanding this, this should remove the pain. We're going to write it down for all of you, which is fear and dissolution, right?

0:26:45 I want to write on the fear of just disturbing session interrupting, right?

0:26:56 And the solution is don't care. Like we are all being interrupted. Like really what I'm trying to get out of this call is when you just start doing it.

0:27:19 And not five call calls, not 10 call calls, which is disgusting Because it takes 10 minutes out of the day.

0:27:26 I Wanted to hit numbers like 100 or 200 calls to give you a reference in my our mental program where I was back then You had to do 200 call calls.

0:27:37 You had to do 200 calls per day to be not called a r***** and I complete it And a waste of time in it like you were insulted and Usually just kicked out of the call to give you a lot of comparison.

0:27:51 Easy growth. If you do not do a minimum of cocos, I think it's a hundred cocos per day. You don't get the guarantee, you know like the 5k money back guarantee, the nice one, yeah?

0:28:03 You know that one? You have to do a hundred cocos per day. So everyone has to, I want to tell you to do it for good reason.

0:28:15 So, by the end of this video, I want you to be able to take action and actually understand it. Corcorning is not that bad of a problem and you actually just have to f****** do it.

0:28:26 Just do it. Just press the button and call. Just press the button and call. You can see, most likely, the first five-profess, it's probably not going to pick up.

0:28:36 And you're going to sweat on the first one and then after $2,000, you're not going to give a shit anymore.

0:28:41 The same thing for sales call, I eat on sales call, I don't give a shit about sales call. Maybe if I would sell something for 10k, I would care because that's my state.

0:28:51 If Alex Tomozzi are entertained with sales of people to 10k, they wouldn't care as well. If they would sell something for 10 million, they would care.

0:29:00 But the same goes for you, just understand that you current self, right? then you current version of yourself. Fear something that a future version of yourself won't fear.

0:29:15 So it makes you're obliterately the only person we're stopping yourself as you, current you, because future you, and I all want you to think about this.

0:29:24 Everyone, who you think are you going to be? Who do you think you're going to be when making 10K? I can tell you for a person who I am, which you're resilient as f***, you don't give a shit about most of the things, right, you have dumb crazy power, and now that has to come from somewhere, and that's

0:29:47 why I'm telling you, I don't give a shit that I could do. You want me to do 10 cocos now, and all of them are shit, I will do it, and I don't give a shit about it, and I have nobody to prove wrong, instead of myself, now that's the mindset you need to have to make 10k.

0:30:03 I can tell you it's just the mindset you need. Now you don't have it right now. I know because the people will have it or are closer to it like that and you're on other people just to give example.

0:30:15 They do the f****** call calls. That's exactly the point. It's just getting to this person that you need to be a certain person.

0:30:25 The person makes 10k has certain traits and characters you don't have and you need to acquire them and Corcos is one of the best ways to get them.

0:30:35 Allowing you fear Corcos you don't and you hate it but it's a very good way to be exposed to others to learn the skills of understanding that I don't give a f*** shoot me I don't give a f*** you see this in movies all the time but this is so true put a gun in front of my head just kill the shit out of

0:30:52 me I don't give a f*** And you have to take approach business like this because business don't care about your emotions.

0:31:01 The only person cares about your emotions is your self. Congratulations, you're pity for yourself, like I started this course, this video, right?

0:31:09 Smother class. You're pity for yourself, nobody else, right? So the fear of disturbing people don't matter because people don't care about it.

0:31:19 So, next fear, right? Fear? Or, what was it? And not rejection. You could call it rejection, if you want. Fear.

0:31:35 Ah, fear of. That's why I wanted to call it. Fear of judgment. And what guess what the solution is? I can already tell you what the solution is.

0:31:48 and you can't even see him on the screen. Adah, Anshul, tell me what is the solution. Who call? Practice. Getting used to it, running for the fears.

0:32:02 Yes, and what is it? So, you're called calling and don't care. Don't care. That's exactly the same thing. To the fear.

0:32:11 And there's, like, Liz, I like some words that you had coaching called last week when I joined as well, right?

0:32:17 he said the same thing. I like to say the correct it. You have to go through the fears. There is no other way because the person makes 10k is the the person who don't care about it.

0:32:27 Like Lishi, you want to magic? This is the f****** magic. This is just you have to do it. If you don't want to do it, then stop the f****** business.

0:32:36 Because he's the thing. Yes, you can book up on this with TMS. Yes with emails, you can book up on this with AI, but yes, you can all do it.

0:32:43 But you going to face the exact same issues on sales call. Now, yes, you can also sales calls. True. You can have to manage the f****** sales guy when he's demotivated.

0:32:54 You're going to have to push him. You have to keep him accountable. You have to teach him exactly what I'm teaching you.

0:33:04 So you need it. And that's what I want you to understand. There is no way around it because that's someone who is able to make 10k has those traits.

0:33:13 So you gotta learn them and the faster you learn them, the faster you actually do them, the faster you feel, the faster you face your fears, the sooner you will get over them.

0:33:24 And the longer you wait, and I can tell you this from experience, the longer you wait before doing call calls, for example, the worse it will cat, right?

0:33:35 Nibu, are you here? Nibu, is he here? Yes. Yes. So you didn't have to do call calls, right? No, no, no.

0:33:50 On sales call, did you feel nervous going on to the sales call? Did you not even tell me you wanted to cancel some?

0:33:57 I did the week before I don't only can now. I'll just go in the sales call leave if they don't want it.

0:34:05 I mean before joining the sales call right the first ones you got from us. Yeah yeah I was I was scared yeah.

0:34:10 Exactly thank you for sharing and that's completely normal by the way that's completely normal and he's the thing he is getting the practice on a different route everyone is getting the same practice and that's why Nibu has to learn it the same way and she has to do it through doing corpals right or 

0:34:28 Daniel, it's exact same lessons. So that's why you like what the f*** is he speaking about mindset, who is speaking about like co-course.

0:34:36 I could speak about self, I would speak exactly the same thing. I could speak about mindset, I would speak about exact same thing.

0:34:42 I could speak about how to keep clients, it's exactly the same thing. Some of you are being b****** to you serve, to your client.

0:34:51 It's like you have no self esteem. They treat you like complete shit. And the reason for that, it's because you don't know it yet.

0:35:01 And why did I treat you as shit? Because on a sales call, you make them this understanding and you tone that they could treat you that way.

0:35:12 So understand this, you gotta learn those lessons, you got to do it. So fear of judgment, don't care, do it.

0:35:25 you're like okay Leo great you told me not to care but I'm not at that point yet I will tell you how you get it at a point congratulations do it beautiful now that we have covered literally the most important thing and I honestly could speak for hours about this this is what you need to get started with

0:35:46 cover this is what you need to get started with the agent needs to get start up with sales anything. Now we have that set, call calling is a conversation.

0:35:54 So treat it more, right? Don't care. Treat is a conversation. Hey, Enzo. Hey, is this Enzo? Oh yes, awesome. So I just wanted to have 10 seconds of your time.

0:36:05 I don't want to sell you anything. I just want to hear if you open up for like a partnership or something like that.

0:36:10 I cool. Awesome. And you can see, you can start it. You can do whatever the f*** you can mispronounce words.

0:36:16 it doesn't matter right now it is important it should not be robotic and I want to speak more about that because that's that's the secret sauce you put here right where's the one to not need to secondly tonality articulation by the way if it's spelled wrong it's gonna be normal that's how we spell it

0:36:53 , by the way, from now on. Tunality, articulation. Script, slash off. Right. This is all of what I call for basic years.

0:37:13 Right. So, here's the thing. You need to convince someone. By the way, you don't sell the thing you sell on a call call is a mean you never sell your product So if you're trying to convince someone of your product on a call call you could be wrong All you trying to do is to convince To listen to you 

0:37:46 Fifteen minutes This is literally all you're trying to do. Did you know funny enough that you could run ads with a guarantee and on a sales call not mentioned in a single time all the people would forget it.

0:38:02 And the only reason for that is the people don't really listen to what they offer. All the important things that you convince them to hop on a call with you.

0:38:13 and the same goes for a cocoa. So, tonality, most importantly, most of you, I think I've already made a draft of it, but I want to thank you.

0:38:32 Ashel, you're going to be helping me because you know this. Ashel, what is this? I kind of forgot, but is it like inflexion?

0:38:50 Yes, upward inflection. Yeah, and then downward is. Yes, beautiful, beautiful. A girl that is paying attention, beautiful. She's making progress, I'm proud.

0:39:03 So, most of you, on call calls, speak like the worst words. The Englishian could say, I could replace all of you by AI call boards.

0:39:11 They will all be better than you. the relationship guarantee, besides one or two of you, and the reason of that is just because you speak monotone, why did we say that AI is shit?

0:39:22 It's because it's monotone. Now, AI is making the progress of not being monotone anymore, but all of you, at least you were said f****** AI bots, by being monotone.

0:39:37 What do you mean by monotone? I will give you examples right in the future we can do we can in the future we can do let's say if it would be illegal to do code so if they are then all of you wouldn't be allowed to call us because you're so f****** robotic haha now we could do in a future role place and

0:39:59 I will like speak about this in examples but because I think that's the most practical like advice and ask me giving you feedback on action to 90, I think like that because I know it helps a lot.

0:40:09 I will give you an example. My name is Liu. I'm the best Frenchman you have ever met. I'm so great.

0:40:18 You should always listen to me. You should join the community. You should be cool and whatever the f***. And just pay attention and since 2024 you are going to be lazy and whatever do you want to do.

0:40:34 Most of you, I've already lost because you're f****** putting attention to the chat so I know I lost all of your attention.

0:40:44 Beautiful, it worked amazingly well. I lost all of you in a f****** chat. Can we disable the chat because there are too many kids playing with the chat.

0:40:55 Why cannot turn off the chat? Anzo, can you turn off the chat for the kids? I'm going to try whatever thing we can.

0:41:05 Cool. Okay. Good. We lost the kids. That was the purpose of the example. That's because you monitor everyone, literally after the third world, you start paying attention.

0:41:17 Right. And this is so beautiful because it demonstrates so well what it actually is. So, tonality, upwards inflation, and this is going to be so crucial while you're around.

0:41:29 And I will make two symbols and explain what it is. What the f*** is he drawing? Whenever you have a question, oh damn, and I've been having a role place and it's super bad.

0:41:51 When people have a question, Leo, can you help me with my sales? Right? Leo, can you help me with my sales?

0:42:00 It's a very question, right? you could understand it. Now to emphasize the question, here's a very, very interesting thing you can do with a call call, script, call, call, call, script, do you have it?

0:42:13 Yes it is. Oh f***, why is it color way? My color is gone. Okay, we're gonna do it either way.

0:42:23 So by the way, everyone paying attention, you can utilize that script, but if you're working with the free author, you could change out to the fact that you work for free, right?

0:42:33 So I would mention that in the beginning. Now what I want you to pay attention. Here, you have an exclamation mark.

0:42:41 Here as well. Here is a dot. And I want you to understand one thing. To not see is just where you say what and your voice goes up.

0:42:57 Hey, is this Joe? Is this Joe? Hey, my name is Leo, statement, right? And if you want to become good at calling on it in terms of a skill, this is the first thing you have to understand.

0:43:13 When it's a question, you go up with your voice. And I don't mean you're like, is this Leo? This sounds gay.

0:43:23 Now you don't do that shit, but what you do is, is this Leo? You go up on the last word, you go up, meaning, what I've done with some of you, right, is mark the sentence in red and green.

0:43:39 Sir, hey, is this Leo? Okay, can you please put your true to the owner, is he free? Hey, I must begin to do the owner amazing so my name is Leo and we haven't spoken before Can you let you know what I've called?

0:44:00 Now my voice is actually crazy dad so it sounds super fun gay but that's besides the point Now the point of the example is what is the most important thing about a question is that you get an answer.

0:44:15 And what? Why do we do this? Very good point, Ella. Now, you're not doing vocals, so you don't understand, but you should.

0:44:23 So, that is, I love that. So that's beautiful. Do it again. Now, great. You want, why do you want to do this?

0:44:32 Because all of you and Tariq is our expert at saying statements. And why is it super important to ask question like Coco.

0:44:40 Why? Super important. Like we said, you are disturbing people. Meaning if you're disturbing people, people are not really paying attention to you.

0:44:51 Now, if you ask a question, what are we always going to do? Fernando. Yes, sir. What's your last name? Galas.

0:45:06 Beautiful. Thank you. When you ask a question, people answer the question and that's the exact point. So you want to make clear it's a question.

0:45:19 Most of you make it so monitoring. The people don't even listen. They're like on the roof, like a roof is like, yes.

0:45:27 Please, what do you want? Right? And you want him to pay attention. Meaning you want to make clear as a question.

0:45:34 And with the statement, right, and I will explain the two emotions, why do this, right? Explain. When you have a statement, why do you want to portray to them?

0:45:45 This looks ugly. It's conviction. My board is lagging, but that's the job. Cannot spell. From today on, that's how you spell.

0:46:18 Here's very white's important. you want to have especially here's the thing if people hang up on you in the beginning it's because that you have no curiosity thank you Angel you have no curiosity absolutely curiosity people don't want to even know and here's the thing right when local businesses get 

0:46:43 caught right usually just said hey We haven't spoken before. Can you let you know what I've called? Please put me off the list and hang out Now they don't even know what you have to offer Why because they already Sessed and already noticed that you are a cold-colder So they have no interest to listen

0:47:05 to you. No because you sound like a cold-colder. You are damn f****** cold-colder Here's the best example I'll give you.

0:47:13 The best call caller is not a call caller because all of you are and that's exactly why you should. So when you ask a question, you want the person to answer and pay attention so hey is this hello hello is this is this hello yes yeah it is now it has curiosity right because what the f*** why is he pronouncing

0:47:46 my name firstly so we so slowly right this is the small details if you want to become good at call course these are the small secrets you Okay, all right, this is this morning's secrets because tonight is the most important thing So when you ask a question This is how you get people past Hey, can I let

0:48:07 you know why I've called if you want people to pay attention to your statement to your author Right You gotta get the curiosity in the first place In content, there's something called the rook Right works the same way to get people's, you need to get people's attention and on the call call, you do this

0:48:28 with your tonality. You can always do this. Public speakers are extremely good at this. It's to get people's curiosity by asking the question and how you do that with your tonality.

0:48:44 You go up with your voice on last words. On a statement, when you want to portray confidence, you the opposite.

0:48:51 Let me show you an example. So we're currently working with Rufus and Tariya to help them sign more projects and it's going really well.

0:49:00 This is the clear statement meaning I go down with the voice at the end. It's a clear statement and it's going really well.

0:49:11 Can I let you know why it's working so well? Is that question? Small details, important difference. What we did back then is we tried to go as crazy as we think.

0:49:25 So what you think is crazy, right? In terms of tonality, variations that you have is not crazy. Actually, your estimate what is average and what is normal.

0:49:38 So, let me give you an example. So, we help our clients get face-to-face quotes with compatible homeowners every single month with no upfront cost.

0:49:53 Now, can I tell you how we even make money? Like, you want to know, right? Goes up with the voice.

0:50:01 People, yeah, of course, I want to know, like if I'm not going to pay a fine, BOOM! You get people's attention.

0:50:07 Very f****** important. The first thing, if people don't listen to you, and most of you never get to even pitch.

0:50:14 Out of one, we can even add this to the striking sheet. Who actually pitches the owner the actual offer? Not a lot of times, because most of them hang up before that, any booth, I really find it.

0:50:32 So, that's what, with curiosity, go up with the voice. Try to have Lichy have some kind of emotion in your voice, that's exactly what, have emotions in what, curiosity, try to get them to pay attention to you.

0:50:48 Lichy, I'm laughing to shit out of the call, so it sounds natural, right? I'm making stupid jokes, right. I've literally been on pause and said how do you get around gatekeepers?

0:51:00 I just told them to flirt with the gatekeeper and it worked. Yeah, I like work beautifully, right? Because it's just a conversation, it's just natural.

0:51:15 I think you're actually a human that you could have some interest. So, very important, we can go more into this because this is very, like, literally I cover like the tip of the iceberg how to actually do this, but I want you to know.

0:51:28 So, articulation, very important thing, when I review, especially from people from third world countries and second world countries that I don't have native English, we don't articulate the shit out of you, meaning people don't even understand you on call calls.

0:51:45 And articulation has also a second point, which is very good, emphasis, which you emphasize a certain word. We generate you face to face quotes every single month.

0:51:59 That's articulating every single word, which emphasize the importance of it. The better you get at speaking, the better you will become a cocoa.

0:52:10 The better you become speaking the better you will get a sales cause because people see that you know what the f*** you do and you're good at what you do.

0:52:18 Confidence, competence is also measured but you're marked by your ability to communicate with people. And I was before I got to the last one, right?

0:52:29 There's a word that all of you love, the non-existing word. Do you know which one it is? And you have amazing tonality in that word.

0:52:46 It's crazy. The variations we got of this word is crazy, right? We get variations like. So, right, all kind of variation forms are used so created, it's impressive.

0:53:09 I've literally, it has gone, I don't want to shout out to anyone because I don't want to hate anyone. I bought a course a few weeks ago, an agency course, to not look at a competition, but to see what they were doing.

0:53:24 I was watching the course two weeks' speech because I didn't have that much time. The only word I heard was, that was the Thai course.

0:53:35 It was so annoying to listen to it, I had so much feeling of wasting my time. It was just amps all over the place, shows if you want to show confidence.

0:53:47 And you say, Em, you're literally destroying everything. Your ability to communicate shows a lot of confidence. The problem is, most of you think that's being speaking nationally, right?

0:54:01 You think saying, Em, filler words is a natural thing. Oh, that's not something to do. People will get communicating, don't use a lot of them.

0:54:09 Right? I use those two still a lot. But M, you were close to never hear me say it. And to give you an example, on loom, I have less than 1% filler words.

0:54:25 Right? So understanding this is super important. So don't use filler words. And the best thing accesses you can do with this is friends and family, right?

0:54:38 What you do is you go through harmony and you tell them whenever I say M, you can slap me in the face or something like that, right?

0:54:46 Or just tell me that I said the word, right? I will tell you when you do it. And just by using that, unless you've had it so badly on call calls, on call calls, we had four hours a day.

0:54:55 When you would ask a question, and we can do it for a moment as well Wait for next for this call when you ask a question you say am and I notice it You have to say the question again without now.

0:55:06 You're gonna notice how many f****** times to say it's crazy And that why is this important? Why am I teaching you all of these things because like you need a really small things But that is what Makes you appear confident Because you have no use of the words you're confident.

0:55:25 You don't need to use them Because you know what you speak about, utilising silence. So many after stating the price you start speaking, you always speak to how a lot of everything.

0:55:38 It is like really, you just never stop speaking. The project doesn't even say something in a sales call, it's just you speak in 20 minutes.

0:55:48 And he's just laughed. He didn't even notice it. Because you were thin enough to pitch and you didn't even ask him if he's listening, right?

0:55:58 Stop using filet words. Very important. We'll help you sales and we'll help you call calls. Now, the last thing we're going to cover is the scripts, right?

0:56:07 Most important thing is you want to catch them in a big game. So, hey, it's this company name. Again, use emphasize.

0:56:16 Hey, this is Ancho. So, it's like, and sure, it's you, right? Next step. Are you by any chance the owner?

0:56:26 It's like, you're confused. If you're confused, they can assess whether or not your core color or not. Because you're just a confused person, which will help you get the answers.

0:56:37 If it's not, if it's a lady, usually, if it's a lady, by the way, usually, not always, is usually a gay keeper or front desk of anyone I call it.

0:56:48 You ask, hey, can you put me through to the owner? By the way, you cannot have any variations of this.

0:56:55 Honestly, I learned to script. I just call calls without the script because that's exactly the sense. To go is not for you to follow step-by-step the script for you to go and to have a natural conversation because the confessor made you then get on sales call is way higher, your booking rate gets way

0:57:14 higher. then you can confirm this. This call call goes for 10 minutes. So once you do that, hey, wonderful. It's clear.

0:57:26 We haven't spoken before. Can you let you know why I've called? You just want to have that you can use your product here like, can you give me 30 seconds?

0:57:36 This is a call call. I would not use that because all you want is basically to get them to listen to you, right?

0:57:42 So it's hey, do you have 10 seconds? That would be a very good where you are. Hey, just 10 seconds to listen on just do you have 10 seconds.

0:57:49 See, he says, yes, awesome. So, look, we're currently working and then you say you offer, right. Now, for all of you starting utilizing, I work for free is a very, very beautiful thing to do.

0:58:01 Now, you want to do this the first thing you hop on. So, when you speak, don't, the first thing say, hey, Daniel, I'm not looking to sell you anything.

0:58:09 I'm too shit to sell anything so don't worry I'm not going to sell you anything I just want to offer you something for free do you have like 20 seconds to listen to it that's what you can do because for free they have something that I have to pay for it right that would be the hook if you don't have 

0:58:27 any clients and you just speak very importantly All right, I'll add this script exactly. I'll ask you for the script.

0:58:35 I'm gonna put it in your community. Now You state your offer very importantly, you speak about the results. Nobody cares just one word about this being Facebook ads Lead generation.

0:58:50 You just see about the results, which is we are gonna get you face-to-face quotes with compatible homeowners who have the budget and intention to move forward with and we only charge you for a little free, which is the actual outcome of working with you to result.

0:59:04 That's all the care about. You speak up what you don't go into details, all you do is ask if it makes sense if they pay attention.

0:59:13 You can give a little bit more information, not much more, and they ask, hey, look, I'm a big believer in showing them a right-a-telling, do you mind if we can help on our call and I will show you exactly how we do it, 50 minutes so it can actually present to you what we do right make it easy make it

0:59:29 a conversation utilize the script right for call calls you allow to utilize the script because people won't see you utilize the script right and this is literally the key one-on-one what you need to know about call calls just start doing them because you're gonna get better over time this is simple you're

0:59:47 gonna suck your first how many call calls you gonna suck at them but only with self-call call as well as sales call, you're going to be 10 times better than the first one.

1:00:00 You have to do it. So please, by God's sake, pay the attention to what's said in the beginning. If you want to make this work, you've got to f****** do it.

1:00:09 You've got to do it. You've got to face a fear. And I actually just call call up leads. And I want to give you right after this the tracking sheet.

1:00:21 So make sure at the end, can you please repeat, I'm not referring to the email, right? And please confirm with yes, if you got the invite, which is also important so people don't get another meeting at the same time.

1:00:38 Please make sure with yes, to confirm the invitation. And would there be any reason why you couldn't make it to the call?

1:00:44 Important, objectionary, prehandling objection. And I would say, usually, no. This is awesome. Then expect. I expect expectations. We always like to hold up to our own expectations.

1:00:56 We feel we worthy. We have an ego. So expect this to be on the call. Thank you, bye. That's it.

1:01:02 All right. The last part is important. You want to get the email. You book the call call for them. You don't send them a link.

1:01:08 It's super mistake to do. Confirm with. Yes, the notation will get from me ASAP. And would There'll be any reason why you can do it, very important.

1:01:20 So answer, do you have any add-ons? Amazing. you did it! I hope you really enjoyed that masterclass. I'm going to be honest, I put a lot of effort in every single one of the coaching calls we have with our students.

1:01:33 So, as you might guess it, it is a coaching call and, uh, yeah. The thing I need to tell you is, it's good to have a call call script, even better to have the training to become good at call calling, but you also need a tool to do it, right?

1:01:46 And you might have heard of the tool called GoHack level. GoHack level allows you to do call calls in like all kinds of countries in the US, UK, wherever, but it also gives you a CRM.

1:01:56 It allows you to do SMS outreach, email outreach. It allows you to do service delivery for your clients, right? If you're not familiar with GoHack level, it costs $97 per month for, I think, one to three sub accounts.

1:02:08 So, amount of accounts you can have. Now, if you want to have more than three accounts, it's $2,000. $97 per month, right?

1:02:15 This will allow you to have accounts for you and all of your clients. I'm honest. I've never seen a successful agency without GoHack level, right?

1:02:22 Like I have students making over 10k per month. All they do and spend the day doing is GoHack level. It's an amazing tool.

1:02:28 Uh, we utilize it every day. Now, why do I mention it to you? Because we have built a community. As you can see this coaching call recording, you're going to have You those twice a week and even more to come.

1:02:38 And also we're going to provide you with GoHack level with unlimited account worth $297 per month. You can have as many subaccounts as you want.

1:02:47 We also going to give you our prebuilt snapshots. So snapshots is prebuilt plug and play systems for service delivery, like workflows, like CRMs.

1:02:57 We've already prebuilt stuff to make your life so much easier. Now, not only that, we also train you on sales, how to get leads, so much stuff, like how to make very good offers.

1:03:09 We train you on all of I've have a very simple rule, which is I have to make the best stuff for my students because we want to have the biggest and the best agency community out there.

1:03:22 Now, I'm going to drop the link to the community down below. And if you sign up within the next 72 hours of you getting on this page, you will get an extra bonus.

1:03:33 We're going to give you an extra 30,000 leads in the United States, which you can call with first name and that are qualified.

1:03:41 So you can get ASAP and start grinding off and become successful with your agency. could just check it out down below and have a look at a community.

1:03:50 And if you love it, join it. I mean, you're going to be part of so many successful agency owners, enjoy the community aspect.

1:03:56 And I mean, I'm out. I need to help you, so I hope you enjoy it and, uh, see you in the community.

1:04:01 Peace out.


00:02 Welcome! I made more than honestly five new states about money in my business in the last two years, and I don't want you to do them because they cost me so much money, so much time and so much effort.

00:15 So, let's start at the point number one. Point number one was charging your phone. So when I started my agency, what basically happened was me going to businesses and wanting to charge two K out front, even up to five K out front.

00:31 For our service, I had never done before and the problem was not my self's skills because I became really good over time with sales.

00:42 The biggest issue was that I didn't trust myself that I could deliver because I had never done before and I asked you, would you pay me 2k for something I've never done before?

00:55 No you wouldn't because you would be like, I have to trust you that you are going to do good job because you don't have not done it before, so why should it pay you?

01:04 So because of that fact, which we all subconsciously know, I didn't close because I was nervous on my course, I was lying, I would fake testimonials to think like that.

01:18 So that's one of my biggest regrets out of themselves because I charged up from even though I had no proof of what I knew what to do.

01:25 So if you're starting out, I highly recommend you starting to go for free for a single month. If you get a new resource, ask a bank in a charge of your performance seal.

01:34 You can grow, get an experience, get a case that is in debt later and you can start charging upfront when you have so much demand you don't even know what to do with.

01:45 So point number two, charging less. So that was a mistake I did later. So once I start making money, I start charging and I take it and I actually got results because I went from little to more.

01:57 And the mistakes I did is I went from more to less and that was a big mistake. I went from charging people to keep them off for one month of coaching, right?

02:08 One more from an agency and to charging were less to help more people. I did that because of personal disbelief that I could help people because I could not help everyone, right?

02:18 So my high recommendation to if you're starting out worth of free, go up that price, so start charging the railway, on a performance deal, and then move up, move up, and you can start charging up front, maybe 300 dollars, 500 dollars, 1k.

02:38 You're going to see if the demand and if the people are willing to pay that, if you have the proof to do so, the first money I make was with proof.

02:46 I knew how to book an appointment, so that's why I could charge a person, thought up because I knew how to do this, so I had my own conviction in my selling, because in my product, the yours speaking, I was thinking I had done before.

03:01 And secondly, right, I wasn't lying. And thirdly, I also knew the service area. So I knew I could give the resource and I had case studies in proof that I could show it to them.

03:15 Point of mastery, trusting people. I have a big mistakes which we're trusting people, right? Every time we trusted that person too much I got beat up, right?

03:27 Verbeny said, the issue with that is when you're starting out or you run a business, right? You feel like it's a war, you're fighting alone, right?

03:40 And then of course you're looking for allies that's going to fight with you and help you. And that that is a good thing because I have a team of 22 people which are highly grateful for because they helped me, I helped them and we grew together.

03:55 The only issue is that if you start trusting people too much in regards to money and I want to say this clearly because why it's a money mistake, I trust the people with my money.

04:05 which is not a graphic, if there's no proof that it works, if there's no people saying it's great, if there's no risk-free trial or something like that, right?

04:16 And when we're speaking about 100 bucks, when we're not speaking on one game, when we start out just being able to 3K5 to 10K, you definitely should watch out for that and pay attention to who you trust, because you honestly cannot trust anyone.

04:30 three times the trust itself, three times the last one. I've lost over probably 20k trusty people, right? So don't trust anyone with money.

04:43 Look up, they've proposed, looked it up, they seem like a reperson on the sales course, I don't read, right? So important note, next one, not try to properly, not try to properly cost me so much money Because I have no clue how much money was making.

05:01 I have no clue where my money was going till I realized that for example my striped payments were extremely expensive.

05:08 I was shot through so high. I was being charged so high for the same transactions. So you always want to track.

05:17 If you're starting out, you should not ignore it because it's a habit you need to learn. And in the habit I didn't learn so it took me a lot of time and a lot of effort and I had to hire someone to do my accounting because I was missing six months of accounting, right, and then we have to start paying

05:34 taxes, you get a issue, so just whenever you pay a software, keep the invoice. To a drive-folder, it makes it simple and it's street clicks, very, very important, right, so you will know what you're actually getting paid and what you're actually giving up.

05:53 And that comes to my last point, which is not minimizing cost. That is a big mistake we all do. When we have money, we all put in more money than we do.

06:02 Which is a great thing, right? If you actually reinvest money into your business, you will, by the time, make so much money because you have decided to reinvest instead of giving out the money to your lezgo club.

06:17 What I always said to mistake that I did is I was spending money for knowing what I was spending on because money is leverage.

06:24 You can utilize money to make more if you put it into the right resources, into the right place. So minimizing cost which is the actual hard cost you cannot live with.

06:37 I will give you an example. If let's say you run business, the same agency, you get a lead at least go high level.

06:45 So go high level is the hard cost which cost to $97 at least for now. No matter if you have one client, ten clients, you need to at least go hello.

06:54 That's a hard cost. Then you want to do everything possible to minimize that cost. Meaning you don't want to have ten AI bots, ten things on top.

07:02 You want to keep it as low expenses as possible on the hard cost. So all the rest of the money can be allocated towards growing the business, growing avenues, trying new things.

07:15 So, I hope you liked the series and I want to make sure that you get multiple values so follow and I wish you a wonderful day, see you soon, Cheers!


0:00 So, the question is, how do you actually get your toll-free number verified? So this is not the final guide, because there's a lot to learn.

0:08 Uhm, so you go to Forms, Builders, and you then go to the form you select, right, and then you just go to Share, and you select it for the location, right.

0:21 And then you confirm it. Oh great, didn't work. Uh, sorry. And you go, no wait, let me press that.

0:31 Let me find it. So. Okay, it's not here. This one you can use. This one you can utilize. Wait. So don't, I think the mistake we did is Uh huh.

1:22 Yeah, so don't take this one, so don't take the preview, take the one I just showed you, uhm.

1:34 Take, don't take this one of the connector, take the one if you go here to share. Wait, to share, oh f***, I'm an idiot, to preview, take this one with the link, api.txt, So, uh, this is not the final version, probably you're gonna have to add it to a funnel, just create a shitty looking funnel, right

1:58 , an empty funnel, just add a calendar, and then click. In the worst case, that's all you can do, but let's test it like that, and if that doesn't work then we're gonna add it to a funnel later on.


00:01 So, welcome to this module inside the Monte Quo. What we're going to cover today is going to be the first thing, which is going to be skills.

00:11 So, I want you to understand that skills are profoundly what is going to help you get to your goal.

00:25 So, I want you to understand that is a graph I like to represent this on, right, which is something like this.

00:36 So here you have progress and with progress comes money, right. So we're gonna put it in let's say first dollar here and we'll be like 10k here right because that's just how it is right and here you have time so you have one month, three months, six months right but also not only time you have also which

01:07 is basically called energy right such focus, so on and so forth right these are the things you need to put in.

01:18 Money, time, basically combined, resources against the progress.

01:31 So what I want you to realize the most important thing is when you try to make progress. When you try to make skills regarding to money, what I want you to understand And with that money, a combination of money equals a shitload of skills.

01:57 And if you learn to possess those skills, you will learn and start making money. For example, skills like sales, like marketing, sales psychology, then you have client position.

02:30 Then let's keep going. Then you're going to have things like I mentioned. These are all things you can learn. And from the moment on that you can learn something, this is a skill you You can basically acquire such possess, such learn, all right, rule number one, which is pretty simple, all right.

02:59 So here's how this works. Well, I want a few believe what it is, all right. This is how I want a few things, which is after one month, I'm going to give my first client, right?

03:21 After six months, let's see three months, I'll make 10 out of three months, I'll make 5k after six months, after six months, I'll make 10k, right?

03:32 But I want you to understand something, this could be wrong, right? This could be wrong. And here's how it actually happens.

03:45 That's business, that's life. And that's called Exponential growth. And here's how you're actually going to make money. So you want to learn how to make money.

04:03 Here's the way you do it. You have to understand that there is a certain threshold between the point one dollar and this you make zero dollars zero but you still make progress right money is a side effect off making progress and you like okay I don't f****** understand this right progress can be for 

04:30 example measured by you growing your skill base you growing your company by growing company or let's say by adding a skill called how to minimize cost you're gonna grow pro-progress and you're gonna make more money by for example saving money or earning more money with the skills below for example and

04:52 you have to understand it's a threshold if you are starting here you have zero skills if it's the first business you're building you have zero skill right meaning if you have zero skill.

05:03 Guess what? You have to learn the most important and basic skills which takes you ages to learn. You need ages to learn cells.

05:15 You need ages how to understand client positions because these are skills which will make you rich for life which will make you wealthy for life if you know how to sell you will be able to sell anything to anyone at any time.

05:30 So it is logically that it's hard because not everyone knows how to do it and I can tell you my example took me 100 sales call to close with first time and now guess what six months went by right after six months you still didn't make a single dollar right so six months equals zero dollars now what gonna

05:59 happen is that within the next let's say eight months right eight usually it's 12 to 36 like we saw in last video right you're gonna be able to achieve 10k you like I wanted to give you an example.

06:23 I made my first 16k in a single month, my first dollar between my first dollar, right? So here's my first dollar, right?

06:37 And 10k. This took me 30 days. We're like, how? That's because the amount of progress between $1 and $10K is way smaller than it is from $0 to $1, right?

07:00 And everyone of you is trying to achieve goals in this linear pattern which doesn't work. So you're setting up expectations completely I want to make 10k in six months because I can make $1 or let's say 5k in three months in one month $1 Which is complete for all shit Because it's called to growth, which

07:30 is called exponential growth This is what happens in business You know what is funny? here's where more people give up right usually says 12 month period right so this time friend needs to be a child but he would be 12 months usually people give up here when actually the amount of the wall there's about

07:55 to come it's just behind that right and they go either back to 95 or new Chinese object but this is just because the scale from zero to one dollar at a hardest to learn is the hardest process.

08:10 And you can measure it by progress. And I always like to say, you measure the amount of progress you do between zero and one dollar by how much money you made.

08:19 But between zero and one dollar, you didn't make a f****** anything. You could have said 50 cents, but you know the point.

08:26 Which is between zero and one dollar, you don't make any financial progress though you made progress so you have to stop measuring yourself and the progress you do but the money you make because you make less okay you're not capable of making money yet so you cannot say okay now I'm at 10k now I want

08:49 to make a hundred k and now you cannot say okay now I want from 10k to 20k now I just make progress you cannot say that because you don't even make a dollar.

08:59 So stop measuring your progress with how much money you make. Compare the progress to how I have a book my first sales call.

09:08 I'd have a minute finish and offer. Let's say, did I close my first free client? Fix like that. All between a zero and one dollar.

09:21 And that's going to take you the longest period of time will be the painfulest season of your life, which was for me close to 15 months.

09:28 And then from 15th in my 15th month, I made 60k. So, Lichy, I want to tell Reh. In one single month.

09:40 So, by this video, I want to try to understand two things. First, measure of success by progress and not money.

10:04 And secondly, which is it's exponential. So every day you put in one more unit of energy, focus type, one more dollar into your business, one more hour into your business.

10:28 You are going to, with the time, get a hard f*** shot of shit load of amount of return on the investment because there's going to be something called exponential growth.

10:40 So for every single hour you put it here, you're going to get three hours worth of pay back. For example, right, because I will from zero dollar worth an hour, I would actually worth zero dollars or in Germany, I would have been worth twelve dollars an hour Two more than five hundred dollars an hour 

10:58 in a single month So the more you put in here, the more you're gonna be back 100% And with skills you make progress so if you want to make money quicker You need to acquire those skills by for example watching those videos like this one So I hope you understood this video and see you in the next one,

11:24 Cheers!


0:00:00 Regular job, like, oh, and I have not so much time for my agency stuff. But I try my best to to keep working hard.

0:00:15 You should, you should. So, uh, Peace for all your camera. So, I want to ask you, welcome. Welcome to everyone here, Dania as well.

0:00:33 Nibui, did you miss the sales call? What? This m*********** rescheduled again. Poor boy, the guy who thinks I stole his money.

0:00:46 Such an idiot. Well, I'll be careful, not 10 minutes, I don't know. Yeah, you're not going to need one. As to you calls today, one new show, one guy to rescheduling again.

0:01:00 Welcome to business, my friend. Welcome. There's things I want to explain about this topic, right? Which is, most of you are not getting sales call at all.

0:01:11 Emmanuel, I'm going to do the shit off of you because you're too noisy. So, then you're going to start as my girlfriend.

0:01:20 Thank you, Enzo, for importing, for coming on board. We have some things we want to announce today to you, and secondly what I wanted to say is that my brain is absolutely dead because I've been just working with a crazy man for the last five days.

0:01:33 So I don't have, I didn't have any f****** sleep, I cannot even figure out dates, so don't ask me numbers, I cannot calculate.

0:01:40 But besides that I'm doing absolutely amazing and happy to see all of you. So, Jeff, speak about the no-show thing.

0:01:47 Once you come to the point of actually booking an off sales call, the most ridiculous thing I've seen was, then see it, back then, he booked 83 sales calls and had zero of them show up.

0:02:00 That was pretty f****** crazy. The next month, he had a short break of 90%. It makes zero sense, especially if we have such a great attendance here, even more Amazing, amazing to see so many of you here.

0:02:18 So, our show is a complete normal thing. And you have first to learn how to go around it. It's your understanding.

0:02:25 You've so nervous about a sales call and then you realize the person's schedule. Because you put so much pressure on you about a sales call.

0:02:32 And most people don't take you serious and don't even join. Or don't show up or cancel too many people forward.

0:02:38 Right? They don't take you serious. Right? So don't take them serious as well. Has no use. right? So you can go chilled into the calls.

0:02:45 Now, the best thing what you can do is first you have as many time points as possible with them before the meeting, right?

0:02:52 So, if you collect the WhatsApp number, SMS email campaign is a must, right? We're also looking at what you can also do, which helps a lot, is calling up the lead at the hour of the call, right?

0:03:04 The minute of the call, when the call starts, just call them up, right? You join the meeting, they're not in just calling them up.

0:03:10 Does matter if like your tune is only just call them up. Hey, Nibu, how are you? Great. We have a call now.

0:03:17 Do you have the link to join? That's all you ask, right? Because people are just going to say, oh, really, yeah, and they're going to join, right?

0:03:23 So you want to do anything possible to get people to join. Now there's another thing which we're also looking into is a WhatsApp, right?

0:03:30 WhatsApp, right now you have to do manually, but you also have soon a possibility with Go high level, if you pay 10 boxes, I don't know if it's one time or per month, I don't know, to utilize it Right, and with what said, what's allowed you to do this ultimate message?

0:03:45 So you have a follow-up sequence on what's up as well. Now, if they don't show up, right, then what do you have to do?

0:03:52 You call them up every single f****** day Tell the tell you to f*** off or to reschedule. What do you have to lose?

0:04:00 use. The chance of them rescuing is way higher than a stranger to decide to book a call of you, right?

0:04:06 So there's a quote which some people don't agree with, some agree with, which is money's in the follow up, right?

0:04:13 So make sure to touch point with them every single day. If they didn't show up, right? And there's something I want to show you within go high level.

0:04:20 And that's I want I want of you to do properly, which is how to use the serums correctly. So I'm just going to go into a call calling pipeline of, okay, let's take this one.

0:04:41 Just for me to show you I have so many telephone. So call calling, right? So here you have you normally no response, not interested, follow up blah blah blah, right?

0:04:52 By the way, two more Hopefully you want to work down the pipeline always from this meaning you start like this okay who showed up but didn't close okay they showed up what the f*** happened with them right did they told you they're going to get back to you if yes follow up with them right now let's say

0:05:15 you have nobody here or I say you have done it or whatever you move to no shows right which is you call all of the notion of shows.

0:05:24 You're gonna have sometimes a list of 10-20 people here, right, who just didn't show up. You're gonna call every single one of them till they tell you to call back a generation, till they tell you to do whatever part.

0:05:35 Usually just people don't take their own life serious, right? This is what it is, right? Then you have to book, right?

0:05:40 Those usually don't touch them because if you have a call with them, but if you have a call schedule with them, don't touch them.

0:05:48 But again, what I want you to do is go to start from the right and you move towards the left, meaning if you see the book two days ago but didn't show up, move them to no-show, you want to use the serum properly.

0:06:01 Now what happens with the what happens next, you move one left, interested recall, meaning all of the people here, these people you need to spend the shit of them because they showed the highest interest after no shows and booked.

0:06:18 Meaning, I want to say recall or interest it. It's the first person every day you want to call. And you like, I cannot call the same business every single day.

0:06:27 Seven is five days a week. You can. That's a good reason to do so. And what I recommend to do if you have things like interested people, you can put a note.

0:06:36 Let's follow up one for example, follow up two, so and so forth. And what do you do then? Follow up two, follow up day one.

0:06:45 Sorry, follow up day two you don't touch because you just touch follow up day one. Then after that after follow up day one you call the no response and after that new leads.

0:06:55 So you follow up two times with a leap before you put them into follow up day two and you could rename that to end basically.

0:07:03 So you could change that to end but I just call it follow up day two. You can just rename it to end.

0:07:08 But once you try to understand it start from here and I know which is a normal tendency of all of you right which is you're scared you're scared to call them up right you feel calling them up because you're nervous you don't know if they're gonna tell you to f*** off you don't know if you're gonna book

0:07:26 them right so it's but way easier to call a stranger is to someone they're interested interested in your mind it does make a fun difference just call them make sure no shows spend the shit out of them to reschedule, right?

0:07:40 David disrespected you to no show up, so you could spend them the shit out of them till it's give you an answer, okay?

0:07:48 Ladies first, sorry Nibu. We're seeing people in the interested list says that call us back up for a month or two.

0:07:57 That's why you put in a note. You put in a note call back January 1st. Okay, and further know-how you still want us to call them.

0:08:06 You should call every single day. Know-shows. They book their call so they have more interest than any other prospect. Right.

0:08:12 Because they will tell you, oh, I just forgot. Sir. Nibum. This is regarding poor Doyle. The guy he thinks I've stealing his money.

0:08:24 He's lied to me twice now. Because this time he's saying, oh no, I booked for Thursday. that you changed my date, which I never did.

0:08:31 And then before he's saying, I took 1,000 pound off his ad budget. When he's known my client, we haven't had a sales call yet.

0:08:38 So do you think I should just leave him now? He's actually got to the point where I just want to get a knife and stab him.

0:08:43 So you can just scream. Honestly. Honestly, I never want to sound more difficult. Then you just f***** yourself, because I would want you to keep on going.

0:08:53 You know why? Why? Because I want you to learn, which is being in business, there's no room for emotions. Okay.

0:09:01 To send me the text, you wanted to send him. You could have initially verbally insulted him, they wouldn't have made a difference.

0:09:07 So, I don't stand if people don't show up, right, they will tell you bullshit excuses. No, he's not serious. He's not serious.

0:09:14 The last time he was my mom's in the hospital today, it's like tomorrow you changed my date. Yeah, I know.

0:09:19 He's going to give an excuse every single day. Yeah. Normally, I will tell you to not give up, but that's serious.

0:09:25 But if you can see all this, you can get some experience, and you're going to be so pissed on the call, you're going to have a good frame, so you utilize it.

0:09:34 And it's one call call, just try to get a respect out of him. You should say, hey, Nibu, you're rescheduled twice.

0:09:40 Like, I have also the other things to do in my life, right? And in my business. No, if you cannot take this offer, which I'm doing, which is work for free series, honestly, There are so many other people who want it.

0:09:51 Lichy, I have so many people coming for me, right? Now, Tommy, are you interested or not? Cool. You are calling me speak tomorrow.

0:09:59 See you tomorrow. If you reschedule, don't think about it. You just can't say if you don't want it, right? So demand respect.

0:10:05 With demanding respect, here's the thing I always said, tend to my one-on-one coaching. And it calls all for you, right?

0:10:11 I don't give a shit about any one of you. If either you don't take your life, you like the business series or you don't respect me it means insult me if you insult me you get kicked out I don't care if you paid for the month I don't give a shot because I think I respect everyone here even if I insult

0:10:28 you you know it's just for the sake of you making progress that's my baseline for respect and I want you to have the same relationship to your clients right what happened to Anzo was also with his client happened to me as well was an issue we are both b****** with the clients right he's like oh sorry

0:10:44 sorry just because the payload a little bit of money. Have self-esteem. Be respectful if they have a wish to see if you can grant them or not.

0:10:55 And sometimes I have to remind some of you to add a please to it if I'm personally investing even more time into you because I have no thing which forces me to do it.

0:11:05 So respect yourself as well. So if people don't respect your noses, just spend the shit out of them tell it, tell a reply, right?

0:11:14 Everything, just call it. Till the end of the year, just call it. At one point, I think you can be like Merry Christmas, you know, like that you can leave the need, but you see what I mean.

0:11:24 So Anzo has a beautiful feature announced yet to you. And by the way, for everyone to know, I don't know why I did this, I think I'm just stupid.

0:11:33 But after this call, we have another hour of Go High Level, meaning you can ask Any questions regarding to go high level is there about for example need to go a level account those questions are going to be answered in the Signal by the way, I know go high level to my best abilities when you ask me what

0:11:52 AI no clue what AI ask Ella for that that's what we have a community. But I know the basic things of go level how to set up workflows all of this stuff right so whatever question you have you can ask it if I don't know the solution I'll just tell you.

0:12:04 Hello everybody, I'm going to show my screen. Basically, we're going to present our accountability system is to drop right into posted, but it's already done.

0:12:19 I'm not going to read the rules. Please do it. People are going to f*** it up. One by one. Word by word, please.

0:12:29 So, rules. Wait, wait, Emmanuel, don't eat pay attention, kidding. First of all, respect each other's metrics, right? We'll f****** edit something from the other person, just focus on your stuff.

0:12:42 Then, leave for more lessons. This is basically a cool sheet with everything now. I'm going to spend everything in detail once I join that cool sheet.

0:12:51 Be honest. You're going to put your own data. So please don't put ID 1,000 sales calls or call calling if you just did two of them Just be honest.

0:13:04 It's in the end. It's just affecting yourself You need to do this weekly right with no excuses even though you are in f****** holidays You are in I don't know how I whatever is surfing You need to put that you did zero sales calls for a zero call call call in whatever you did for our age you would zero

0:13:24 Every week, every week, we're going to do a weekly review on this trucking sheet. So we're going to motivate you and reflect on the challenges that you pass during that week.

0:13:34 So we can keep you accountable, right? You will not have access immediately. You need to ask for it just because we want just the people from the community to have access to this trucking sheet.

0:13:46 So I think that this is the best option to do it and just need to put your name. So here are also the instructions.

0:13:59 Also a good thing that we're going to have here are a lot of metrics right. So we know for example the top performers each week, the top performer will have our word.

0:14:13 And that's just promising you right here to put this on each week. So to give you the exact date every Sunday you put in your information here right on your coaching calls I will make sure to ask everyone of you and here's the exercise that I want you all to do.

0:14:33 You should know your f****** metrics right. If you knew how many metrics we have they should have no clue of them because there's so many of them.

0:14:42 We have a million but millions of metrics. We have like 16 people to track their metrics to sales and all of that shit.

0:14:52 All you have to track how many outreach they do this week. So count day plus plus plus date. Every day how many corkos did you do or let's say corkos plus you know you just add that up and then all of the other things you have for example corkos made then how many are permissible.

0:15:08 On a weekly basis please don't put in every f****** day. Don't point it in a month, put it in a week, right?

0:15:14 So Monday, it's a certain day, but I want to know how to count the week. Seven days, how many, how much is it you do?

0:15:20 How many are permissible? How many deals is close? And then we're gonna also basically have the next week, we're gonna just move it, and I'm gonna just have the last two weeks available, right?

0:15:31 So we can have a mess full of new sheets and shit like that, right? So that's basically it. Every column please.

0:15:41 Here you produce your name, right? It's super simple. Let's say Leo. Let's say Leo sent 20,000 emails. He sent one million DMs, whatever.

0:15:56 And he did. Please put a realistic numbers so we can see the metrics working. I mean, here you have an example, right?

0:16:04 But I say, yeah, 100 emails, 100 m and 50 cold cold. Right? We have this not good. Basically what we did it before was just adding a cold cold made cold but then we thought hey there are people at least they're not doing cold cold because their niche is it's not possible in their niche right so that's

0:16:29 why we added also emails and DMs and we just take account of the outreach made. So then you have the appointment booked, the deal is closed, the revenue generated, the hour spent on outreach, and any reflection that you want to add, right?

0:16:49 So now I recommend you, and I highly recommend you, putting an excuse when you did zero outreach, which is for me worth reading, right?

0:16:58 it, because if it's an excuse, which is not even worth reading, then just know nobody cares about the excuse, but your own life, excuse is only exist for yourself, I don't care about the excuse, but it's going to be super fun because guess who is going to be able to review that every single week and 

0:17:16 motivate the people who are actually doing their work. So this is basically it and we're going to make sure that I want a few fills it out.

0:17:24 Right exactly on Sunday, whereas you reach nothing to every one of you guys. Yes, you guys and Then you cannot say if you don't get the results you cannot see you tried a hundred percent, right?

0:17:35 If you don't get the f****** results, you're looking for but I'm not even Capable of putting KPIs even if they're shit into a triangle If even if everything is zero if you're not capable of doing that then sorry, you don't deserve success And it's the best exercise because you're gonna reflect you're

0:17:50 gonna see that whole shit let's say then we put here and so and I just did 20 focus ocean via did more outreach that's why it's getting better results I need to do the same yeah that's why we need to do it like share it and even though it's not simple I think that is a good way to reflect I don't know

0:18:14 what you think that's just any comments, reflections, whatever. Everyone has any objection as to why they're not capable to count the days together.

0:18:31 And why they cannot put into a trying sheet. Before then, it's going to be put online after this call. And from Sunday on, I was going to see the people who are serious and put it in Sunday before the call.

0:18:42 Congratulations, you're taking your life serious. I'm going to remind you to put it in and I don't want to remind you every single week.

0:18:51 It's not enough. You need to do it. Even though you don't like it, it's for your good stuff, right? So, just do it.

0:18:59 We'll take five minutes or so. Yeah. Yeah. Fish? Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for presenting that whole class presentation.

0:19:09 That was amazing. Thank you so much. So we're actually, I have this, like, which one to make this calls as dynamic as possible, right?

0:19:28 So, I have this document which I tend to lose all the time, here it is, right, we put down the questions that you have, because we're getting more and more people at this call and I want to be able to ask the questions they have.

0:19:44 So, for that, I want to come prepared into this coaching course, because I want all of you to learn with a specific thing.

0:19:52 When I wanted to do coaching program back then, it took me three minutes to explain a question. And the question was not even a question, it was a statement.

0:20:01 And I wanted to have reassurance because I was insecure. So, please, come with questions prepared. I knew some of you told me they have some questions prepared come with the questions I'm gonna write down all of your questions in this certain categories I'm gonna we're gonna work through them right so

0:20:16 because we why do we do this because some of you a lot of you tend to ask one question Ask follow-up questions if you have not asked it in the in the beginning, right?

0:20:26 You're gonna have to wait all questions are answered so you can ask your second question So everyone has the choice of asking questions So please think about what is the biggest pain point you have and what is the thing that you want an answer on So who is first?

0:20:43 Wow, not really. Wow, that's a rig. Beautiful. It's a rig Okay, it's regarding the mind to keep it brief and simple.

0:20:54 I've lost my part-time job I have lots of stress regarding university, and I'm negligently neglecting my agency stuff.

0:21:09 And so I'm doing productive procrastination. How to deal with that? Oh, very, very interesting question. I cannot spell procrastination. That's perhaps all the corrections I made.

0:21:23 Tariq, thank you for sharing, a good question. Nibu, your question. Hello, amazing on as well. I bought Nibu first. OK.

0:21:37 OK. You should have read it down, and you want to unmute yourself. I thought I'll mute myself. Oh, good, I good.

0:21:49 I'll talk to you. So for sales, objection handling, when people say, oh, marketing agencies have taken a little money out of it, personally for me, it also puts my confidence down because the message is always the same, it's always Facebook form.

0:22:08 You get, you nurture them, and you give them the appointments, but whenever I say it, whenever also the same thing it's the same thing it's never worked for me how are you gonna make it work by so that's like that objection quite it's quite hard to handle for me personally when people use an objection

0:22:28 like that okay okay beautiful amazing we have so many people ask and so it's getting good guys you want to make progress it's amazing it's amazing to see it it makes me happy so Ella please first the other question my question was about go high level but but then I remembered there was another session

0:22:49 , so. Exactly. This is going to be the same leg we want to put into later because I know we spent so much time together.

0:22:55 I was crazy. So let's first, Alex, no, I'm sure, please. Sometime, I feel unprepared for my sales call. I think it just comes into mindset, category, I guess.

0:23:11 Okay, well, yeah, we can put it to sales undercut. And for our reaching, I needed, like, how my toll free number wasn't working.

0:23:24 Oh, yeah. Let's put that into color. Because I will show, I will look at mine if mine works or not.

0:23:34 People, how do you build confidence yourself and probably work people? Okay, great. We have that written down, Daniel. So I think this one is under offer.

0:23:44 You can hear me? Yep. Okay. So I think this one is an under offer for the niche that I'm diving in right now.

0:23:50 The same recurring objection that I will most commonly get is we have too many customers were too booked out. And the main service that I've been developing for the past year is around mostly generation, at least to get my foot in the door.

0:24:07 If I'm consistently hearing this objection, should I pivot my offer away from lead generation and more into just the CRM side of things or should I remain consistent on lead generation and simply reframe the way that I'm introducing it to over the pitch.

0:24:21 Awesome, cool. I love it. Precise questions. I love it. Next one. Fernando. Sorry, Alex was first, but Fernando first. Just to confuse you.

0:24:33 It's because I'm older. more mature. Yes, I have questions. One, regarding the sales goals, the co-calling. What about dealing with with leads that they already have ads like Facebook ads?

0:24:54 Yes. Okay. Okay. Another question? Yes. And the other question is what about when you speak with the probably it's in your in the courses, but I haven't get to there that you speak with the manager or the owner in my case.

0:25:17 And how do you explain or how do you say, how do you make them interested in what you are offering?

0:25:40 Okay, great, Alex. So I think it's regarding to outreach. I've planned to do cold calls and now I have like a regular job in internship that will last five months and I will work till 5 p.m.

0:26:08 And now the question is it worth doing cold calls now after the work? Is anyone reachable at the time or I don't know are there any alternatives to cold calls?

0:26:23 I can do yeah Great amazing you can ask all questions now and at one point when we're going to have money questions I need to do you can divorce me good if I need last question because now I'm we're gonna dive into it We always know what time is going crazy with you guys Actually, here's the thing.

0:26:51 I'm gonna be honest with all of you I hate coaching calls. That's why Anzo is always with me because I don't like to be alone on those calls So I also have my own insecurities, right, but don't take it for bad.

0:27:04 I Still show up every single time So it's just from personal standpoint, I did one of my coaching a lot before, but I don't enjoy doing that the most.

0:27:16 That's why I love this format because I'm trying to just make it good for myself, right? And for example, I love the accountability thing because I think I love to do it is motivate people and keep them accountable.

0:27:26 I could be a mindset coach, I think that's four of shit though, because mindset is learned by doing. So that's why I think that's a good way to do it.

0:27:32 So, number one, already running ads, that's a good point. Do you, depending on what niche you're going to be into, for example, solar, right, a lot of solar companies, I know, I have the same issues, right, they're already running ads, right?

0:27:47 So they don't, like they would see, I don't need one. But then what you have to understand, how many times does it occur?

0:27:54 If it occurs, let's say, 33% of the time, they may be to change the way you offer it. Hey, I guess there's two things you can do right either you check the company on the ads library if they're running ads Right, you can't take two seconds of a click when I wish if you want I can do you want me to show

0:28:14 you how to do that? Like a or the other option you have oh cool that you already running at how is that going now right what is the cost How is that going?

0:28:26 What's kind of the aspect, right? Ask more questions. Ask are you happy with the current results of your ads, right?

0:28:33 Or for example, if they tell you because police is like 35 dollars, you say, what, you say, what? 35 dollars, it's crazy.

0:28:42 Do you like bleeding money, right? I don't like bleeding, like if you do like, then you're kind of weird. Now honestly I think we can get that down a lot and I won't help you for free So use the thing my because you know in the beginning you would just want to get the testimonial it's not a barrier If

0:29:00 they're already running ads, it's even better for you because they don't spend anything I just say hey, I want to have a look make new created for you new copy for you Give you my input for us for free and if the campaigns have you work amazing great Just give me a good testimonial if not you already

0:29:15 have Running ads, so just keep doing what you're doing right now But awful to work for free, and we're going to come into the next point, which is how to convince people.

0:29:25 Because that is one of the, honestly, most interesting things, which is how to convince people, also on sales course. Which is, you have two ways.

0:29:36 Either, they're two ways to sell. People run away from pain, and towards pleasure. So either you sell them more pleasure and by doing that you make them unhappy in the way they are right now.

0:29:52 If you want to have a rose, like so badly, you will not be happy till you have it. But on the other side, if you don't want one, you can be happy.

0:30:08 So that's why the metrics that I want to tell you be happy, right be happy with life, right Be content yourself because that is a form, right Where there is no pain, but if you there's two way to sell either you figure out the pain you are already right now right Which is let's say a client position 

0:30:31 house kind of position going for you right now, right? I was on a sales call now. It's awesome house kind of position going.

0:30:36 Here's like shit I make cool. Then you have to fix it. Don't you agree? Cool. You have pain. Now if you don't have pain The second way of selling which honestly works very well if you add an extrovert Right, or also introvert you just have to do to do your best and show them this example with an another

0:30:55 which is if you're already running ads Why should that why should you join them? Right? It's because you make them feel as if you are the guy if you're crazy Hey, honestly, I don't have that much experience, but I have a stamp psychology I understand a lot of things about marketing which other people

0:31:14 don't do and I could absolutely help you And I will do all of it for free So you don't lose anything in the office if you lose out not taking the opportunity because it's free and You get my help So you have to spend less time under the ads.

0:31:29 I give you reports on how they are going and you can actually spend time closing your deals and making money.

0:31:36 And that's called selling to benefit, right? Now it's always better to come from pain, but if it's not possible, you sell them basically a desire which is them not having to spend time of it, you being able to help them, you being able to get the better results.

0:31:54 And I think so much it was just banged out a few days ago, right? We humans have a tendency to stress about a lot of things, right?

0:32:03 And we actually don't separate two things, which is actual problems and not taking opportunities and missing out to opportunities, right?

0:32:13 Mist opportunities, right? We humans both, they stress us, right? Because we both see, this is, I have to do that.

0:32:21 We count them as I have to so if you created a miss opportunity if say hey, you're not gonna get this opportunity twice So I'm working for free They will want it because they feel like it's an opportunity given to them If you present yourself well, that's why I wanted I want to you of you doing good 

0:32:40 pitch because good pitch is selling Youself I could tell you a lot of money. I made myself was a combination of pain because there was an industry-wide pain But, secondly, it was just because I was thinking, I'm going to help you so much because it's called conviction, convinced, convinced from the word

0:32:58 conviction. I have conviction that I can help you, that I can sell to you. So you want to have conviction, how do you have conviction, good question?

0:33:09 You have conviction in being confident, and again what is confident, being comfortable in what you do. means I know I will help you just by creating creatives just thinking about it just doing it I can help you right in the worst case you don't lose anything so you want to create the missed opportunity

0:33:28 like I said desire they have a desire and we all want to have other stuff we don't have it's me we always want to have more or better right and if you create that missed opportunity they will want it and they will be unhappy till they have it or they will be unsatisfied or stressed.

0:33:48 So that's very deep psychology of sales but again you learn something I hope with that which is you have to convince people by that's why sales are so important but presenting you so well.

0:34:00 I know I'm not the f****** expert if I would be an expert I will charge you 10k for that but I won't I will help you for free for your business and I know how busy you are I know how how much shit you have to do and I will have you for free to run out so that's how you convince people on a call call 

0:34:17 which is hey I know you've been pitched by marketing agencies right so that's come into the company tonight not next point right marketing agencies I know so many marketing agencies are fortunate like you don't believe me it's so crazy most of us are so shit at what we do marketing right is disgusting

0:34:39 nobody of us knows how to run ads and you're like oh I don't know what buttons to press pressing buttons is easy is marketing like I was saying last week it's marketing which is hard and it's telling psychology how to sell right Ella is studying mass manipulation right or mass pressurization right this

0:35:01 is something like Can you use again, I couldn't hear you for us. I was saying you're studying mass manipulation, right?

0:35:12 Kind of, a leadership and communication, but yeah, we are learning about persuasion and everything. Exactly, and that's marketing, right? That's being able to, Well, that's the language of marketing.

0:35:26 It's about like storytelling and how you convey people to, to make what you want them to do, basically. Exactly, exactly.

0:35:37 And that is the language of our language of marketing. So yes, and why is it important? Because it's so funny, most marketing agencies don't know how to do marketing.

0:35:47 And they think that everything else is difficult. It's knowing how to create a good offer, it's knowing how to copy, make a copy of this offer which is appealing and convincing, and getting a hook, getting people to read, and things like that, and getting people interested.

0:36:00 it's a convincing people right and a good way it's not he he's an interesting thing just to give you an outside example right this is a person I spoke to right a few days ago which if we were speaking about the elections right I'm neutral about it I'm not gonna say more opinion publicly but she was saying

0:36:18 that girl which is she likes Trump because of his way of speaking he's like he has the voice of a president and I was like that's interesting right and then Another person was also there and said, yeah, 97 people avoid voting just for his big mouth.

0:36:36 It was like, yeah, but at least he has one Right And to me, it was very interesting because That's called also being able to convince people now, for example, he has all those crazy plans How many of them will he actually realize but still he sells people That he was going to do it.

0:36:56 That's why he won the elections. So even then is is the art of selling and marketing and convincing people, right?

0:37:04 I think I don't know what it was, the study was 15% of the market, 50% of the votes from Trump are just donated by marketing, right?

0:37:17 I was pretty f****** interesting, right? Just people are just purely based on marketing, voting for him, no clue on what he does, and he simply used the language that's why he uses simple language, exactly because it's a good example, right?

0:37:29 So there's so much to marketing, right, it's like we could speak that's exactly what you all have to learn and just to you break the belief that it's not possible, right?

0:37:38 I want to show you another account of a client. It's a Danish client, so you have to divide times 13, right?

0:37:48 So we're getting him ten Facebook leads and at least under mom, right? Sorry in last six days right we got him ten leads and I cost belief of about ten dollars Right because it's divided by 13 which is under ten dollars we get ten leads right It's a digital company right is a website company in Denmark

0:38:08 right but this is just to prove to you to show you That it's possible right, but what do interesting thing right?

0:38:15 I learned also with that client It also learned lesson. It doesn't matter to create like what matters is the language after created right like How good how good is over how good is convincing right how persuasive is it?

0:38:28 So that's all the magic you're looking for. That is it. And the best question is, now how do I learn marketing?

0:38:34 By you becoming good at f****** marketing, now how do I become good at marketing is by learning how to get clients.

0:38:40 That's the exact same f****** process. If you're a marketing agency trying to get clients is the same thing as a solar company trying to get clients.

0:38:49 It's all just learning marketing. So by you creating good offer, you creating good scripts, thinking about it, struggling with it.

0:38:57 That's how you learn it. So, the magic you're looking for, again, is the work you're avoiding, which is outreach, right?

0:39:04 Getting to speak, listen, I learned speaking by doing call calls, plus stupid is that. And I remember with Anshul, we were doing examples of tonality, articulation.

0:39:16 I literally reviewed a funny thing. I reviewed my loom report from loom videos. I've as less than 0.1% filler word percentage.

0:39:33 I was like wow that's crazy. Before I was so bad at speaking, like I said I was over explaining shit, I was doing a bunch of stuff which was completely useless.

0:39:44 But that's learning by doing because I realized call calling, right? And Philip was a completely useless, useless, right? And remember, he literally interrupted us when we were saying Philip words because you don't need them.

0:40:00 And that's also, for example, getting better cells, right? Because people buy for people that trust. And a way to pursue, to perceive trust is expertise and how do you perceive how to give them the perception of expertise is by being competent what is the difference between a beginner and as someone 

0:40:24 who is an expert there's just more competent and a field so it's by you just doing it to getting better at speaking for example it's just an example right on sales call they will appear it will appear to them as if you know your stuff it's not the first time you're on sales call so learn by doing amazing

0:40:46 so call calls in Germany other ways I think he's back Alex call calling time other ways other place so and Germany is what I did I had the same issue so what I did which I is an option you have it's going to US market because then when you come back at 17 at 5 p.m.

0:41:09 for them it's like 11 a.m. or something like that depending on the three different times in the US. So with that you get way more time of co-calling you can do sales calls in the evening besides your job.

0:41:25 Now if you want to stick into your market you can go to let's say try email because you work with solar companies.

0:41:32 So I don't think Instagram is going to work, another thing you can do is voicemail, like Ella said, you just have to be careful with regulations to Germany, but if you decide to go with Germany we can speak all of that how to make the voicemail of that, SMS and voicemail.

0:41:50 But Emmanuel, do you do it in Germany or what do you do at Canada, right? Yes, you have to be careful in Germany because of regulations, I know one guy that got f***** like not me but I know a person that it's told me the story that a guy got f***** in Germany and by court because he was promoting and

0:42:09 like a business owner got pissed by it so be careful but yes it would be you have a fairly speaking possible but as the mess do you have a German phone number when guy like Alex I think it didn't work right I don't know My voice mail is SMS not gonna work because you need a registered company in Germany

0:42:35 to be able to do have a phone number in Germany so complicated stuff to answer your question. So I did you the email or you go to US or Canada, which honestly I prefer just just noted the currency of Canada's shit.

0:42:51 So mindset, love to figure out mindset. Last job, university is taking all your time neglecting agency procrastination. You want to know something, Tariq?

0:43:08 Who do you think in this room cares about it? I know nobody. Exactly. Yeah, but I need, you know, so mindset is a problem.

0:43:24 It's a number one problem. And I need someone to pick my ass, you know. I can't do it by myself because everything is bracing down on me, and it's pissing me off, it's pissing me off.

0:43:40 Great, great, and here's what I will tell you, right? That's exactly why we better attack our ability thing. Because I will shit on you, every single week, we don't do your calls.

0:43:52 at one point I'm gonna invent words to describe the stupidity that you have of not doing golf right so here's the thing everyone like Alex said he's not an internship eight hours a day for five months they will kick you out no I will not kiss I will kick it so yes I will kick you out so here's what you

0:44:17 have to understand. Every one of you has constraints. Every single one of you. As a university, you have university, a job.

0:44:26 When I started, I had school plus, because Germany school was f****** the longest shit. Plus, a job on top. Plus, I was just stupid.

0:44:35 I had a coaching program which was four hours per day. And I literally spoke yesterday to the other mentor. And he told me, which was quite sad to hear, all they were trying to do is entertain us.

0:44:47 So I did she wasted a bunch of time on calls, right. So I did she spend between school work and the coaching probably 10 hours, just not working on my agency.

0:45:00 So plus the 10 hours plus the f****** rest of sleeping all of the stuff, I didn't have that much time to work on my agency, right.

0:45:06 I was also just purely exhausted, right and I will tell you all of you I think which was quite this message is can we turn off the chat let everyone send message I won't turn off the chat but it's bad it's really bad this trash maybe to me so I won't tell you what was the problem with me I literally 

0:45:34 crashed emotionally every two weeks and And his boy will tell you, you have to go to it, it's not a way.

0:45:44 And I'll tell you why, the biggest change between 0 and 10K, I love this brand new camera. We like to have more feminine people, actually, when it's called.

0:45:56 Yes, what do you have to say? I was going to get water, so you can cool and just come back with water, amazing.

0:46:08 So, I crashed every two weeks, and literally last year, about that time, a few months earlier, it was September, August, right.

0:46:15 I was becoming really bad. I will tell you, I made a YouTube video about it. My lowest low was after a hundred sales call, I didn't close a single person.

0:46:24 And you know what? It was because of sales. It was just because of me. My mindset, why do you think I'm bold?

0:46:32 And it's such a beautiful here. I was such a good looking guy, right? Safe time, safe time, safe time. It is, it is, I love it.

0:46:42 That's why I've been involved since a year. But it was my mental who told me and now I understand why.

0:46:48 Because it's changing the person you are. Because the person you are right now and the person that makes 10k is very, very different.

0:46:55 Now you've got to hear everything on Google would tell, do meditation, do gratitude and journaling, how do you call the thing, affirmations on how you're going to be when you make 10K per month?

0:47:05 I can tell you it's full of shit, right? I did it, it's full of shit, but I'm not the kind of chilly guy who is just chilling my ass on a beach, right?

0:47:15 Making my 10K per month, sorry, didn't happen, welcome to reality, right? So the only way to go through it is just to know that after the suffering there's all, after every tunnel there's life.

0:47:31 And every part of darkness there's life. And it's literally just not giving up. The only reason I'm here to teach anyone of you, if I would have given up a day before I made my first money, I wouldn't be here teaching you.

0:47:44 And it's hard because the hardest thing is you mind it because your mind will always keep you comfortable always pull against you Your own mind is the biggest problem.

0:47:53 The biggest enemy is your mind Period Because he the mind wants to stay the mind wants to be comfortable Right, your legs don't care if you go running one more time or not.

0:48:08 It's your mind. They don't want to go around And you know that from the gym, right? but the same goes to business you might don't want you to be exposed from call calls exposed to strangers exposed to pain exposed to rejection but who controls your mind it's you and if you want to make 10k i'm by far

0:48:31 not the same person i was when i was starting i'm i'm a complete different person i don't give a shit about most things Right The way, for example, I speak was a thing all the way I text Right all of those things change there's so many things just in my mind So I view people how you stuff changes so 

0:48:52 much Every single day because the moment you make the more things you realize, right? Now, I don't want to demotivate everyone that is a corporate job, right?

0:49:05 But You're just what I realized you can literally buy people's life that's when I got in depressive I can buy most of you for $12 an hour and the same thing if someone would come for me to me let's say you get 50k but working a month for me I would probably do it we can be bought by money so that was

0:49:33 also realization and things like that just just to show you so everyone is just trading your lifetime for what for $12 or 15 if you're lucky right and with what do you have to do with the money you have to spend so you can literally survive and maybe have a little fun so you're not a slave like back 

0:49:57 then where he was really bad but you still are right you're So that was also a lesson I had to learn.

0:50:07 That's what I'm building teams. And not to say that I don't see anyone in my, I see, I want to my team as this she a brilliant sister to me.

0:50:14 Not like Jason does. Right. But I see everyone. I should see. Do you remember Jason? That was funny. You didn't get dirt, all good.

0:50:26 What I was saying was, I see, I wanted my team as the same level as I am. But if you understand that other people are willing to work just for the minimum amount of money, why do companies have so many employees?

0:50:40 Because the only thing, the most valuable thing in life is time, right? So people are willing to spend money to get more time, this is the fact, right?

0:50:50 So that's also a big selling point right you don't have to go and you don't not gonna have to worry about that I won't run that for you.

0:50:55 You have more time for yourself and your children Right, but for example why go back to mindset? That's the realization that I had to take come up with right and so many more things Right I was like why am I like why am I so should it caught one right why do I have an accent and And then I realized nobody

0:51:18 cares about my accent right and I still try to make progress with it right because I like having a UK accent I don't think I'm gonna have one right but still trying but you see what I mean there's so many realizations that you have to take and the only way only way to become successful is to push through

0:51:39 it Because you need to adapt a new personality So I'm gonna teach you mine I will do the f****** course of a mindset because it's definitely like I want of you needed But the key to mindset and here's how it becomes successful, and I do not recommend it to To copy it, but my mentor back then told me 

0:51:58 Me stupid caveman me not capable of think thing we need to do work work Which was stop thinking just work?

0:52:06 I do not recommend you to follow that but it allows me What's just to cut off my emotions cut off my fears.

0:52:14 I was just stupid I just kept on going because I was just too stupid Because I followed the advice I just keep going because I wasn't thinking I was just doing now I want you to think about your business, but when it comes to outreach or just doing you know you have on a piece of paper a task You have

0:52:33 to f****** do it turn off your brain. It will not help you to procrastinate. It will not and you have no choice And the funny thing is once you make the thinking you're not going to procrastinate and the reason you procrastinate can be complete different reasons.

0:52:47 It can be fear of success, which was also a thing a lot of people have. You're like, I don't fear success, I want to be successful.

0:52:58 Why? Because your mind doesn't want it, because it means the friends you have right now, they're going to see you differently, right?

0:53:05 You're going to lose friends, right? So a lot of people want something else, but in the end, they don't really want it, but it just don't know Right so fear of success feel for failure.

0:53:15 Usually fear of failure is a great thing It's a great thing because then you just keep on f****** going, which is great a lot of times the fear of success and The only way to push past fear Or failure Sorry to pass I'm so distracted when people are trying to believe it is really bad because I'm looking

0:53:37 at myself. So that's why I'm at the top button. The only way is just to keep on going and I want to have this thing processed quickly which is do you want to do you want to make this work like and second question why why When it comes down to you, you against you, right, you for life is that what you

0:54:10 want. That's an interesting question because I thought about that and then I came to realize that my hunger isn't so developed, you know, that I'm not hungry enough for that because I don't get easily distracted and all and saturated you know and he's I want to continue in a conversation quickly and 

0:54:36 I hope you don't mind because my set is the biggest issue everyone has right everyone everyone including myself has because we're emotional human beings f*** this is how this right I had a big motivation right I will say with you because I think it's good for you to learn.

0:54:53 A lot of the reasons why I started business in the first place was because of my own family issues, which is basically why I wanted to prove my dad brawn, but that I can be better, because I was discussed.

0:55:07 And I kept on going with that mindset over a year, but then I had a conversation with a good guy called Michia, a friend of mine.

0:55:15 And he was like, why do you do this in the first place? And I told him because I want to prove him wrong.

0:55:20 He was like, when he comes down to you against you, to give a shit with him, he's just a person.

0:55:28 And I was acting purely out of negativity. I was like, I hate him. I hate to make this work. Just proving what.

0:55:35 I was acting pure negativity. And I also happened to me at some point, last summer. That's why I can relate to all of you.

0:55:45 I've seen one of you. Lichy, I was like, why do you do this in first place? Why? Why am I doing this pain to me?

0:55:53 Why am I doing so many fun calls? Why am I trying to build a business? Why am I trying to, I could do high ticket coaching?

0:56:00 Why am I trying to help as many people as I can? Why? And I love the book about from David Goggins, which is can't hurt me right because it speaks exactly about that which is like your body is already ten times dead and you still keep on going and the only reason you do say is because you have a crazy

0:56:23 reason why and he was just because he want to show the world it's possible that was his motivation and he would not give up till it worked I will tell you What is it right now for me?

0:56:37 For me right now is I want to have an impact right and there's one thing that I love the most which is Running it company.

0:56:44 I wish you love it Specific things. I don't there's always things you're gonna like more than less right some right now You might not like co-calls, right, but maybe you like sales call or you like service You're always gonna have things you like more than others, but overall I want to build a f******

0:57:02 Imperium Right, if it's this business or another one, but I just love to run a company. I love to run a team.

0:57:10 I love people and I want you to give you the interesting understanding. There's a book I read, which is basically a lot of people that go the 9 to 5 way to become in CAO.

0:57:22 Most of them are the shittiest CAO that exists because the only reason I want to be a CAO is to be looked up to as being a CAO.

0:57:30 I finally made it. That's literally the couple of jobs, Brian, which I finally made it. I'm finally the CEO. Well, actually, it's, f***, now the actual, the actual work is starting.

0:57:45 Now I have to start. And that's how I see it. I see it. I have responsibility for all of people work in my team for every single thing and I love them and that's what I do and that's what I will die for.

0:58:03 I will die in this exact moment. I would be happy. I would be the happiest person ever in my life because that's exactly what I want to do and not everyone of us is made to be CAOs.

0:58:13 Not everyone. Not everyone is made to be an entrepreneur but everyone that wants of you is bad enough can make it work but you want to have a good reason why and the reason why is going to change over time.

0:58:26 And if right now, Terry, you don't know what the reason why is, it might take you a couple of days or weeks to find it, but reflect on it.

0:58:35 This year, right down on paper, why? Why am I doing this? I'm never trying to run a business because there's a reason why you did it.

0:58:44 You started it, right? Just because you gave yourself a reason to start, it doesn't have to be the reason why you do it.

0:58:52 Because a lot of people just you see it's on Instagram right a lot of things right becoming office so I can provide for my family and they don't and like they my kids can say hi hi mom how do we become rich right you see this motivation stuff oh she's the way to move sorry no she's not okay just talk

0:59:18 to do it again but I didn't say the But I was saying, to finish my point, because I think this is super, super important, which is, the reason why I did it right now is not the reason you might think it is.

0:59:36 And the only reason why you started is because you have a reason why, and you're going to find the reason, and it's not going to be easy, but reflect on it, make the actual only mindset like reflection or writing down stuff which is gonna help you is either when you are overwhelmed or when you lose your

0:59:59 way which is your why because I also usually also had the issue which is I don't know what my mission is I don't know what my purpose is on life what what a f*** do I live who cares that my name is Leo nobody right who cares what makes it nobody because you could find someone else who could teach you

1:00:18 your stuff right so why should I even do this it's it's tough and I cannot tell you the answer because I want to have an answer for myself but that's the only thing which is worth reflecting because that is what gives you discipline it won't tell you to be disturbing how are you discipline but keep on

1:00:37 going every day and how do you do that nobody knows it's by having a reason why you do it in the first It's so much easier to go to the gym every single day because you have insecurities Because you don't want all the people to live down on you because you're ugly in fact That is the only reason why 

1:00:59 you're destined to go to gym every single day And everyone has reasons and usually comes from insecurities, right? Why did you stop?

1:01:09 I knew a mentor, right? So also the moment of the waste a lot of my time He drives at Lambo rented an 8k per month, and he has Extreme financial issues right now because I burn his name is my disease, right?

1:01:23 I burn his living existence right I put a nuclear bomb called Napoleon on his face and make sure it splashes, right?

1:01:36 And you know what is funny I realized the only reason why he is making money is so for status. He is broke, absolutely broke, and still drives a 2014 Lamborghini Aventador at 8K Renting per month.

1:01:52 Yep, Emmanuel, you look weird, I have information you don't have. And that is his motivation, his motivation status, because he is extremely insecure about other people see him.

1:02:07 Charlie Morgan, the same thing. I was speaking yesterday to a very interesting person right who told me that. I was like, interesting.

1:02:17 I've one of us has different reasons to do it and you're gonna figure it out probably with time. Why can't you do it?

1:02:24 And I know for me a big reason is because I don't, I don't like to not be able, I like having control.

1:02:30 I want, I want to do what I would have f*** I want, right? And I mean it. It's like I want, I will not accept everyone telling me no or something like that, which is not a good thing because you cannot control it.

1:02:42 But I will not accept it because of financial limitation. I will not be able to buy everything I want. If I want to do the most stupid thing, if I want to have a f****** cyber truck, I will buy it.

1:02:53 That's my motivation because I want to do what I would f*** I want. Because that's how I see life. Just how I grew up and how I want to have my own life.

1:03:04 But the reasons kind of ice can still be wrong. But it's working on it. And if you understand the reason why, and this is super important, I want to you to reflect on it.

1:03:13 Why do you do it? Not in this corner. I want you to write down on a note. Why? Why? Because why it keeps on pushing.

1:03:26 Exactly. You will never need any motivational quote. Have a gang. You will not need Instagram Reals and rotate or any kind of motivation because you will do it from yourself.

1:03:43 It's hot. But that's the only way. Because you have to change person you are. And last, last thought, humans are not willing to change.

1:03:53 The only time they're willing to change and be uncomfortable, if the situation right now they're in, if it's emotionally, financially, spiritually, is worse than what you're trying to achieve.

1:04:08 If you mind, let's say Why do people, if you are very, very bad in financial situation, why do so many people go to drugs or any kind of way to make money?

1:04:21 Because the pain, potentially being caught and going to prison for doing drugs, is less than the pain that they have right now of not having money.

1:04:34 And understand this, the only way you can change your mind and make progress, is by your current situation being more painful than the position you want to achieve.

1:04:46 And if you give your brain, if your brain has an actual reason why he wants that, he will be allowing you to change it, to actually have that because it's more painful but not to have it.

1:05:01 Then it is the way to get there. And that's how you never lose motivation to keep on going. I hope you could learn some important sections from here, from this call.

1:05:14 So, Lishi, everyone, put a pen and paper and write down why, like this. And think about it. Take an hour.

1:05:27 What I do now is a walk, take a pen and paper and write on why. Why am I doing this?

1:05:33 What do I want? I'm sorry to interrupt you, but has walking helped you throughout your journey. So walking walking outside for the streets.

1:05:50 I've not done it for a long time, but it has. And you know why? Because it just sometimes it distracts me so that's not always good But if you're always like in my case, I'm always working.

1:06:01 I'm always working I'm constantly working and when I go outside I'm not working so try you have to get yourself outside of the room An environment of working if you always work in your room Try to go in an odd not a room and ask you such a question because you're gonna get distracted by work This is 

1:06:16 my own I was just thinking for the purpose of achieving mental clarity, you know, walking is good, because of all the brain fog and all the information which are in my head, you know.

1:06:31 Everyone, I want you to understand it. I wish, do you know what I want the most right now? It's the biggest f****** mind of all you can find me, the whiteboard.

1:06:41 whiteboard possible because I have so many things in my mind that I want to write it out because I feel like I'm literally exploding with information and things to take care of.

1:06:50 And this, this, this, this, this guy level account, we need to answer this question, I'm a toll free, so many things in my mind.

1:06:57 And a good thing which helps me indeed is working. It's just going to work. I go around the house, 50 minutes, take a walk.

1:07:05 It helps. It helps with clarity. So that's the thing I recommend doing. Or let's say going to the gym also helps, doing sports, sports helps the most because it comes down to your mind, it distracts your mind.

1:07:16 Or if you think you need to watch a mood like Netflix, or chill, exactly, a sport is not what is painful, so it's not what is enjoyable that helps you.

1:07:29 For example, you all feel, oh, I did call calls, now I can watch Instagram Reels. You feel as shitty after watching Reels as after the call calls, right?

1:07:38 Emotionally drained. Do you feel like this drain? You feel like pulling out? You feel shit I want to pass hazard like even I had it today, and I still have it now and the best way to do it Right there's one thing which is Saks works great.

1:07:54 I Want to cannot do it A good thing which helps us sports I have a kind of spot activity. That's healthy going to work, running is great.

1:08:07 I have one of you highly recommend you having that, for my own mental purpose, because I don't want anyone of you to crash, because it happens to me way too many times.

1:08:19 Because like I can tell you, the way I last mentioned, oh it's the last four, and I wanted to realize one thing, I work all day, I don't have to, I don't have to.

1:08:31 I'm absolutely free. I can do whatever the f*** I want at any given time. I can cancel any call I want and just replace it and go to what I want.

1:08:40 Do I do it? No. And that's the state. That's the mindset state you have to achieve, which is I literally work all day.

1:08:49 I worked all Sunday, all Saturday, Friday night with Sunday night with Anzo at 1 a.m. in the morning planning a team meeting.

1:09:00 who the hell does that? It's someone who is hungry for success. And that's the mindset you need to add up and you will learn by time.

1:09:09 So if you want it better enough, you will find time for the agency. Okay. Thank you. Welcome. So I offer you objection to booked out papers.

1:09:20 Dining to answer your questions very simply. You have to know the papers of finish. If you want to do the lead generation as a service, then you have to find an industry which has this pain.

1:09:32 On the other side, if you want to keep the industry, then you have to adjust to the pain that they have.

1:09:38 If the pain, for example, like you said, they always booked out this management, then for example, AI management solutions could be a better offer.

1:09:46 You see what I mean? You cannot try to push like his opinion. I made the mistake more, once, which is you trying to create a market for your solution.

1:09:59 Doesn't exist. You have to give a solution to the market and the market decides what you do. So, so it is.

1:10:06 Why do I push all of you for free trials? Sorry, to work for free for a month. I have one of you that tries to go to any business, e-commerce local business.

1:10:15 It does not matter. I want 2K affordable work. I spoke to that person two days ago. He said it's impossible.

1:10:21 If he tried it with other office clients, it's impossible. I just thought how the market is. So you work with the market.

1:10:28 There's one new office new scripts work all the time. So I don't give you scripts because if I give you script, you might be successful one month.

1:10:35 X month, you give you get zero. So have a solution for the market to the paint buds. Cool! Spoken so much.

1:10:49 Got a level. Anzul, do you want to add anything to a beautiful call? I think he has this mute because he's working.

1:10:56 Emanuel, okay, Anzul. Anzul. Thank you, Fernando. So, got a level. Who has questions for got a level? Is there a bell?

1:11:04 You need a got a level I can't correct? Just for now, bye for now. I think he left us. Are you leaving us or not?

1:11:13 Okay. Beautiful. Isabel, do you need a goal at work hand? Please, please unmute yourself and say yes. Yes, I just feel the form like two hours ago and yeah, I text you on school.

1:11:27 You never write in my services. I'm sorry, I have 23 unread messages on school. plus 15 on what. So yes, let me do it now.

1:11:38 So go low. I want to you please ask any questions you have or go level in the chat and we can go over.

1:11:50 By the way, I want to thank everyone of you to fill out the form. We're going to take radical decisions and information space on that.

1:11:59 so we know what she's more so thank you for filling it out so quickly and and one of you and one of you who have not put the form please let me know so I can send you the form as well so you have your opinion because every opinion matters god of all I can't believe this isn't a question I'm just kind

1:12:23 of I'm going to leave now. I'm going to watch some of the sales courses and yeah. Great. Good. Yeah. Everyone doesn't have any questions or wants to know or how to build a fun or a guy level or something like that.

1:12:36 It's free to leave. Have an amazing f****** day. You Daniel, Daniel, good luck with your new president. Have an amazing day.

1:12:44 And yeah, everyone else here free to leave. And everyone has questions about the level. Can stay in it. We're going to solve them.

1:12:51 So, how many volume? Okay, let me. First make that car. I don't get distracted too quickly. If anyone wants new car level accounts, so a second one or something like that, just let us know.

1:13:06 Fill out the form and then we're going to create you a new one. I actually should do it. I would never do a subject on a call but it's just because I've so much to do is like if I don't do now, forget it.

1:13:34 You're in Munich? No way, Isabelle. I think you got to deal with my last address so I'm leaving there. I'm no there any longer.

1:13:44 I don't know why it didn't change my current address. You mean in the form exactly I'll just put it in the you can change it afterwards Byin We're unique where you're living like what was the Close to one hole also no, okay.

1:14:06 Yeah Munich is the town to go to Yeah, it's nice if everyone of you if I want to any one of you wants to cover CS If you come to Munich, we might meet you in person.

1:14:27 Did you saw the message of M&O? Nope. You forgot something on your calendar, I think. Who is the manual? Oh, by under what?

1:14:40 Who else lives there besides you and Ensel? Oh f***, I think I missed also Willie's call. No one else I think.

1:14:53 Oh yes, I missed the resolution. No one else, right? Here? Well, we don't have anyone else from Munich, no, no, just you and me.

1:15:07 And the Lawrence, Lawrence is also Munich and Jack from the team, but Alex, he's from England. He's in England, he's in England.

1:15:21 Emanuel, for you call, I missed your call in Willy call. You had to sacrifice. That's how it is. Sometimes I have to sacrifice stuff.

1:15:30 So can you please put me a phone number Isabelle on the chat because the one you gave me doesn't seem to work with code please.

1:15:39 With phone code. So, okay, first. I don't know how to write the plots but he's lost 52 and then I'll write down the number.

1:15:58 Okay. I think I already have the normal SSD plus 52. I don't have. I don't write it down any more, right?

1:16:05 No, okay. Great. And so can you can you can you answer some of the questions or no? Oh, Andrew, can you ensure a manual?

1:16:20 Can you please put the questions in the chat so we can answer them? Yeah, if anyone else has this way to solve it, please put in help to people.

1:16:30 Great, let's take look at this account. Staff, so Ed, he's a bell. What are you sharing, Isabelle? Let's take a good question.

1:16:50 We didn't have an onboarding call yet, right? No, we are both more good to know, good to know, like you see, like you see I don't even even know when I have calls anymore, it's just, so I made you your account.

1:17:15 And you should have gotten an email. Should I check now? Yeah. I, You can just use, If it doesn't work, I will send you a call on school.

1:17:32 Just go to golevel.com and then you just, You pass, I will send you a pass as well. Here. Yes. Emma wants a new super count in inshaw wants to take the toll free number issue awesome Ella was the first I also have a phone number problem as well when I had got a little prayer I could not purchase numbers

1:17:56 because my address wasn't appearing wrong but it was not a 12 application Ella are you still here no he's not I don't know if he's that question I have a problem what like what what problem do you have?

1:18:10 Yeah, so basically, when I used to use GoHL level prior, I couldn't purchase the number because it needs to be verified for business address.

1:18:20 But when I did that, it just said incorrect. But now on our GoHL level or? No, prior to that. So what did I do?

1:18:30 I was asking about that. Should I try first thing again or where from the gorello inside? You use lead connector, but I mean what's okay?

1:18:43 Not about lead connector lead connector. Fishing was different. I purchased true to a little If you want to use trailer, I'm not extra words for the I recommend I will usually connect wasn't it?

1:18:55 Oh, so you use lead connector for co-calling What place do you want for co-calling? What place do you want to call?

1:19:07 US. Okay, perfect. Then just by local number works with all any ad certification. And then I had another question about lead connectors email marketing.

1:19:19 Okay. Above in the chat. Okay, how many volume can you do with your connector? What I think about a thousand email was, and how is the email delivery and does it have an inbox?

1:19:32 It has an inbox, yes. You can see the inbox very simply by going to conversations and then you basically have the inbox.

1:19:42 Do you see what I mean? Yeah. Go basically, you get everything. And there's nothing you can do, which is, let me show you here.

1:19:49 You have your conversations here. And there's nothing you can do, which is under, Okay, let me go to my account and yes, it works great it was like I hated the connector email service but till we actually use the public it actually does work you have to use a dedicated domain so you use a dedicated domain

1:20:11 and a domain configuration which is basically added domain we have a course in the go level course on how to do it and then you can add something like reply forward, so you can have your personal address here if you want.

1:20:27 So you can literally follow up with the people who actually reply to you if you want to. Can you like follow up in the inbox or in the go a level inbox you can follow up.

1:20:41 So in this one, you can in the conversation you can follow up like here. Tariq, actually you, like you can see we're sending a hair ton of emails.

1:20:56 Where's the email sending thing? Oh, yeah, by the way, everyone, how do you know how many emails you send? How many cork was you did?

1:21:05 You go to reporting. So dashboard, you just scroll down, reporting, call reporting make sure not to put incoming out going calls and I just select the week right so it's so it's this week or last week and you're gonna have calls we didn't do calls when it's like all right so this is how you know how 

1:21:26 many copy it? Nope. Yes, Tariq? Regarding the tracking of the code codes, how can I put in my author number because I've watched the module on how to actually buy the number, but you've done it in an example where you buy a US one.

1:21:57 But as I tapped in the Oster one, you know, plus 4-3, it said like something to other, so the price tag was about 35 euros.

1:22:07 But I already have an established one. If you go on Oster. Yeah, it was verification.

1:22:22 But still, it doesn't cost. It's $1 a month. But should I, but should that buy actually? So can I, can I tell you?

1:22:36 What? How did you focus right now? I'm calling from a person number. My mobile number. Why not? Like, I would just do it in the worst last case because it's not trackable.

1:22:50 If you f*** up someone, let's you, you're calling lawyers, right? Yeah. You don't want it to be trackable back to you.

1:22:57 Like, it's really bad, right? So just you say, God, level number is someone tells you he's gonna report you, just delete the number.

1:23:07 Okay. Okay. But you know, I thought I thought It was normal, you know, for me to call them from a personal phone.

1:23:15 No, you score a level. Yeah, but I already have a phone number, which is located in Austria. Could I just, so just to connect it with core level, not to buy anything.

1:23:32 I know what I'm trying to say. No, I don't think it's possible. I don't think you can. No, so I need to buy I need to buy a new one, but it's one dollar Yeah, yeah, I'm just asking It's less than a team bar, bro No, you already gave you can eat one less Isabel Yeah, so I couldn't log in if it says you've

1:24:02 been logged out and then it says you're a client or no longer able to use a platform all your data is safe and all triggers and paints go on the left left top corner slash log out and then log back in and then select this as a solution yes Ella I'm so sorry back to you you see how bad it is you get so

1:24:31 distracted Yes, so I'm trying again, but it needs to be peer registration. No, no, no, wait, wait, it's a peer registration.

1:24:45 Yeah. Even one second. First, to answer the email question. Okay. With 100% developed delivery rate. 100%. Open rate with 35% click 20.

1:24:58 in the last week. So that's the last week, always in the last week. So this month again, 100%. So how much does the software charge?

1:25:16 Is like, it is not much, better to use instility, which I already know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I You know, let me look at the cost of the email.

1:25:35 Where is it? I cannot find it. It's on the super, super cheap, you send emails. Like, we send thousands of emails every single day.

1:25:52 We send, unless you want email to thousands of people, I'm not showing it from the company. So, right. But with this, it works like it's the best like our works great for your connector.

1:26:06 But you can share your screen like ATP. You cannot if you buy a local number, you cannot use ATP. You cannot send SMS.

1:26:14 If you want to send SMS, you need to buy a toll free number. I think I did a video about it.

1:26:19 I think I I purchased the tool free number. Show me. Sure. Or do I share the screen? Yes, please. So here.

1:26:45 Your screen is lagging. Can you see now? Nope. Yes, I think yes. Go to go level. Go to go level.

1:27:02 I think maybe it's going to work. Yep. First of all, it takes the money on it. Yes. So it says on the right.

1:27:12 It's PVC. So you get paper per click. So no, it's not a PVC. It's paper. And then it's a tie to connect to oh it's like it doesn't it's still backs hello Can you share your entire screen and not just a tab?

1:27:35 Should I just share one tab? Just share the entire the screen. So Stop sharing and then go to the share and start the screen.

1:27:56 I don't see. We say lovey. That's why Ancho and the West Anna are considered. In the worst case, in the worst case, Ancho, they get the entire local area that sees what they do.

1:28:13 So, go to your management office. No, you bought a you can you make it using full screen please. This is Thank you.

1:28:27 It's a local. Yeah, it's local. But then I hear No, no, like I told you, like if you use a local number, you cannot send SMS.

1:28:36 If you want to send SMS, you need to buy a toll-free number. So you get You go to add number and then you just add a toll-free number and you can send SMS from Okay.

1:28:48 Perfect. Any other questions? Our goal is level. Yes, it's the first. All right. I was like, Lishi, I'm about coaching.

1:29:00 Nobody writes the hand of a goal level. I want to have the passion. Yes, it's a bit. Okay. So I don't know if we can do it now or we do it tomorrow.

1:29:09 Then we have the kick of poll. but I wanted to already get the number first so I can start calling how to Friday or something but already having because sometimes I've had go ahead level and sometimes I struggle with it so maybe yeah you could help me.

1:29:27 I will check it right now you need to add you come so you can email, right?

1:29:41 And an email, a better key. It's going to ask you to add your payments method to your account. Also, sometimes I struggle a little bit my card.

1:29:53 I don't know why this and why I get it. Let's find hope. But yeah, that's the biggest issues, like the biggest issue we've got level is payment, like billing.

1:30:02 They are pain liars, right? And by the way, as remember that to everyone if you don't add your card to call level and you decide to send SMS or emails or call calls without having a card what I say wallet so say five dollars and you wallet right I get deducted from it meaning I will just kick you out

1:30:22 of call level so make sure to add your card and add balance to it if you don't add balance if you don't do that at least have car connected that can be charged right?

1:30:32 I apparently did that while buying numbers so I just deleted it and added my card just sorry about it. I think it was to be probably it wasn't general but good day good day good day I said it so uh Ancho full free number ah beautiful I didn't spoke over that in a long time so it's still a thing of ad

1:31:04 verification stuff yeah yeah yeah true true true let's talk about mine if not I will just speak to why My phone numbers.

1:31:15 My phone numbers disappeared. My account is lagged. Then under what question do you have? Yes. I was using Notion before starting trying to use Go High Level.

1:31:47 And my question is about the fields and the opportunities. Can you add or make it visible the website or the Facebook link of the opportunity.

1:32:04 Yes, yes, yes, you can add. Okay, I'll show you how an actual no, my toll free is still under verification.

1:32:13 Did you got the yours declined? No, it does under verification. Okay, I will put, I will investigate into that when my, I will put onto my to-do list my I've never anything to do list, speak to your show.

1:32:34 And also, you know how you said the PPC is like after 1,000 views. How do you want me to explain it to my cross?

1:32:41 Because I have a meeting in 30 minutes. Good luck for me. And secondly, it's PPC. I mean, paper, click actually, they say it is, but actually, paper view.

1:32:52 Meaning it's like, how many? You pay for 1,000 views, meaning whatever the cost it is, depending on the audience, the cost per thousand views can be $1, 0.5 cent.

1:33:05 So basically you only get charged for people to see you add. If people don't see you add, you don't get charged.

1:33:15 In the worst case, everyone in your area has seen you. On the Instagram, on the Facebook, so the parents have seen you on the Facebook, the kids have seen you on the Instagram, right?

1:33:29 So that's how it gets charged. You get charged for the ads to be shown to people, 3,000 people. Okay. So if it's less than 1,000 people, they don't get charged.

1:33:40 You do always get charged, but like for every person let's use it. But it's so minimal, that's what I call it per thousand.

1:33:51 Because like one person to see because like zero point zero zero one dollar. So you can just explain to him in the worst case, people, everyone, every kid, every parent around you will know your doger because just how ads work.

1:34:08 You pay for the ads to be shown to people. And we're going to make sure that they like with targeting that there will be shown to people in your local area.

1:34:19 We can do this with IP tracking for example but don't worry too much about that. Just say we can target local.

1:34:25 Locally so people in your area the grant the kids are going to be seeing the ads in your local area.

1:34:32 Yes, I love you. on mute. All right, it says again, tool three numbers need the verification.

1:34:48 Yes, tool three verification is different than then ATP. ATP is a nightmare to get, tool three numbers usually easier. We have submitted for Android when I've tried it to, and it's on the verification process.

1:35:05 So yeah, I will show you. Okay, so I just need to fill the verification thing. Yes, but I will tell you what to do and what not to do.

1:35:19 Right, so toll free number is verification in progress. I don't know how long it takes. I'm not going to a level, but I wanted to show you screen I want to speak over it and show it to everyone.

1:35:29 Please show your screen and I will explain to everyone. You have to put in US information. So you have to first buy a local number and then a US number so it works.

1:35:39 So we should see it's outside of Canada or US. Wait, so I need to buy a US location? No, no, no, you already have a local number.

1:35:47 A US local number. You already have that. No. You just bought, I just saw it before. You have a US deleted it because you said that's not going to work Okay, then I'm again going to buy a local number from US and then do that Tofer yes, and then please share your screen So we can do it because I have

1:36:09 to explain to you. You don't want to put in new information. You want to put in US numbers US information Like US address.

1:36:16 I don't have a US address as well. I know that's why we're going to show it to you We have good friends at UPS.

1:36:26 Okay, let me just buy another number. Yes, ladies first, Isabelle. Sorry. I got these, but I don't understand. I thought it was included, so I have to get, Why don't you?

1:36:46 Why the f*** do you do it on your phone? Exactly. I don't know how I got her. Why are you doing it on your phone?

1:36:56 Open it on your laptop. Go high level. Is it me? No, it's not the same. Because your phone, you cannot see half of the thing on go high level on your phone.

1:37:08 Okay. And secondly, on go high level, you get go high for free but like I cannot pay for you doing corpus but it's like zero point zero one zero zero zero one dollar.

1:37:19 No exactly I do understand that but what I was trying to pay was the number not getting the go high level so that's why I go confused because that's like to buy its description.

1:37:34 No no you don't have to pay go like you don't pay go on level so that's why open it on your laptops So you can actually see what they say and you add your card you add your card so you can a number and a number cost two dollars I was like what's going on here what what ends up told told me he's can me

1:37:55 And so you are scammer from now on you call ends of this scammer No, please don't use go high level on your phone use the web form of it.

1:38:05 Like everything is just spread to get it. Use it on your laptop. Tariq. Yeah, so can I share my screen with you?

1:38:21 Ladies first, as you know, your gentlemen. Yeah, I'm not in the hurry. I'm not in the hurry. By the way, I want to know from you guys if you prefer that we have let's say the guy level call on the day Which I would find sucks and because then you have to show up another day or do you prefer it like this

1:38:40 one now one hour after the article Do you like it that is do you like that the call of God was after because you call or do you want to have it another day the same on days Okay, cool and we make sure that the attendance rate is greater.

1:38:56 So So you pay once she does for phone, for the phone and then for call, toll free number you don't pay for the calls.

1:39:05 toll free number you don't pay for the calls. Emmanuel, your opinion doesn't matter, Ella, please. Okay, so I have purchased a local number again.

1:39:17 and share your screen. Please do. If anyone wants another day, you can put it in the chat and we make it a good vote.

1:39:30 Here it is. We'll do it for you. So copy the local number. So copy the local number. You just copy the number.

1:39:38 Yep. And now you go to three dots of the toll free number on the left right side. So, where the f*** do you find it?

1:39:50 I think it's here. Thank you. So, now you put your name. You put first put in the number. Yes, you have the.

1:40:03 Somebody. Tom Tani. I use Canadian address for us. Sophie number though. Yes, that's why I'm sure that's why I did it for you by testing a US number.

1:40:19 So do I need to do a little legal name? A company name I think it is. Okay, but the legal entity name.

1:40:29 Just because it's in Turkish. No, just put in a company name. Do you have a website? So here's important, what I want you to do is go to Google Maps so we can all see where you live.

1:41:03 So, you search, you go to California and now just search, for example, UPS, UPS, UPS, you, P, access, yeah, now you have to, uh, near California, right, or just last biggest, for example, doesn't matter.

1:41:35 Just pick one, doesn't matter. And now you can take the address, copy the address, just copy, copy, copy, go back to the solution, And then you put in the entire address and then you can just take the state's Californian data.

1:41:56 CA, you have to put CA before. Because I've got CA before. Okay. I believe. Emmanuel, what's your question in the meantime?

1:42:10 time. Should I send you? Okay. Yeah, I want to know how this, what's the advantage of having a call free number and how can I get it?

1:42:26 I told you numbers, if you want to, I don't know what you're putting in, yeah, say this not sound Jose.

1:42:35 So, free number is if you want do SMS and US in the US? Yes. You need, you need verification. Now, estimate volume just put in something low.

1:42:51 So it's only for the US that there are toll-free numbers? Yeah, toll-free. There are also in Canada, I think, but you don't need it.

1:42:58 Just for comment. The reason you need a toll-free number is to do SMS marketing. You do opt-in web form. So, you want to use a toll-free number in the US if you want to sell SMS.

1:43:11 Yes, web form. Now, I'm sending SMS in kind of the, Then you don't need it. I don't need it. Why do you want it in money?

1:43:24 Huh? For SMS outreach you need in U.S. you need the toll free number. Or you need to register for ITP good luck.

1:43:42 So, do you understand? Yeah. Okay. So, in the U.S., you can have, if you don't have an A2B verification, You can have an it's all three numbers and then reach out with it.

1:43:54 Yes Sure work What about use case use case put customer care Let's say okay now you need to use open a go level and show have a good time Use open you tab a lot a lot activate and should please What should I wait?

1:44:21 Motivate ancho for a test call. Open and you stop. Okay. Search the search solution. Call level of search solution. Log in.

1:44:34 No, no, no, no, no, no, to the end. I thought about making a video about it, but because we're still testing it out.

1:44:44 You go to two sites. forms. Okay. Are we going to have one opt in form? They clicked for you dots.

1:44:57 Clicked a few dots and I clicked no, no, I'm clicking. Copy. Yeah, you share. I think it just gives the preview.

1:45:11 I think this should work. Looks amazing. Yeah. I'm sorry about the facial expression.

1:45:29 Okay, I think it's cool. It's about yeah, we speak tomorrow so that's fine. You put in the message consent see example on a copy the message see example see example see example good night I want to go you free to leave if you don't have any questions you free to leave go back to work and I will and don't

1:45:52 forget the accountable to you thing but and so I think I think can you do a post about it and devote your genius.

1:46:04 You're amazing. I love you, bro. I see examples. Six examples. No. Oh, f***. So select the first one and just put into message consent.

1:46:21 And this is just putting in your name, putting your name, changing the name to yours. Oh. No, no. Here, or company name.

1:46:36 John, this is Ella from Ella Agency. Can I not send other messages or messages? No, you can, but it's just forget it's permission.

1:46:52 Then you go to user case and you see example, see example sector first one It's just so you get accepted Sorry, I just answered your message, but basically is that the expensive one is a toll-free number That's why the price and the other one is just a number.

1:47:14 So if you just want to call call You just buy the ticket Okay, and yes, okay. We're doing twice coaching one.

1:47:28 No, it's just a quick question should I should I buy the local show? Should I buy the phone number from my from my from my from my federal state, you know, the post will call for my federal state, which I'm calling from?

1:47:45 No, it doesn't matter. Just take one of the big cities. Take the biggest city like Bean. I mean, if you're going in Bean, you just buy the Bean one, right?

1:47:54 Yeah. No, take the capital, like the biggest one. I always do that. Okay. So just Google Phone Code Bean. Hello, Eli.

1:48:09 Is it L-O-L-A-L-I? It's L-A-I. So basically, was L means first or single A-I?

1:48:33 So yeah, and now I want to say a lot, but right before the ads, like when you plan on doing that, if you need for the operation, we can get that done together.

1:48:52 Yeah, that will be really nice. I have been working on some of the messaging, but I'm not finished yet. Just send me a message and I'll get to you back as soon as I can.

1:49:07 Fernando, do you have anything left though? Do you just enjoy your time? No, I have a question about the URL, the website, and the Facebook fields on the opportunity.

1:49:23 Do you put into it, sir? Sure. Yes, I did. When? Let me. I put it up up up up how to add or make visible the website feel Facebook link except oh okay okay to the push it right yeah to basically to our contact you to add to a contact.

1:49:56 So, as you can see here, you can add a lot of information about them.

1:50:09 Up, you can have location, you can have tasks, you can have notes, you can add or manage fields. So here are fields.

1:50:18 So here you can create fields, but just know a lot of fields you want are already created. Okay, so let me check for it quickly.

1:50:31 Yeah, phone data website, I think website already exists. Yeah, website already exists. And what you do is then just have a column on the spreadsheet, just have a column which is called website, but then you just select the one.

1:50:48 I import them with the website column. What's the kind of awesome? Then you just can have a feed name which is awesome, just crazy for you.

1:51:38 So now, when you have, did you see what I just did? Yes. So now you have a single line to the Facebook profile and just single line and then and you just put it in the information the name that you put to group then what you want it's a single line.

1:52:01 And then when you import it, you're going to be able to add that to here. I don't know if it's already here or not.

1:52:08 Um, I don't think it's healing. It's because I important, important them with the website. And in contact, it shows, but in opportunities, I can, I cannot be, I cannot see the, that kind of thing.

1:52:29 I, uh, in the context, I see what you mean. Contact, I, I can see the website column. What's your agent name?

1:52:36 and Lane and L so as we have said yeah right and the opportunities I cannot see field I honestly don't think it's possible but but because it tells you Manage fears.

1:53:50 I don't think it's possible. Oh, wait wait wait wait. Maybe this Because it's opportunity So let me try something I know we'll select object opportunity.

1:54:14 I think that's the thing. Oh, okay. I see No, I think it should work. Okay. I just figured out by trying to explain to you.

1:54:28 I think Noah should be. Yeah, bro, we did it! There he is. Okay. Cool. Thanks. You're welcome. Who had a question, Tarik?

1:54:40 Check school, yeah. Yeah, please. And so, if you can help him, he seems to be lost. and Tariq what is happening I don't get the postal calls from from from Vienna I don't know phone code it's one it's it's zero zero one but as I tapped it in nothing nothing comes out If you come south, it's not one.

1:55:09 It's one. Bass 43, and then one, Blondland area code. Not London. Vienna. Vienna. Yeah. You have to check. Maybe it's the first site.

1:55:24 Sometimes the first website is not the best. Yeah, Vienna. Wait, let me check. Let me check this crazy shit. No problem.

1:55:37 I got it. I got it. Problem solved. Problem solved. But another question regarding the land page. I want to give you some feedback, but you share it so I can give it.

1:55:50 Yeah, perfect. I share it. Let's see. So that one. okay I hope you can see okay so that's that's that's that's one that's the main one that should basically be the better you know with the topic yeah yeah Yeah, can you put the section closer on the side?

1:56:23 The x section, the x, the middle is first green. Left. Left, right. Right, right, right. Right, right, right, left, right.

1:56:34 Right. Right, right. Thank you. Okay, so that's the topic and a brief description. some copy and the cta but he wanted he wanted me to to design a landing page which is similar to let me see this one it's a shit show and call down and what do you think of this too much information it's way too much it's

1:57:07 a shit show no one no one will book it's going to yeah but it's a website I know I know I know I told him but but he's you know there's the it's a complicated one he he he told me no no no no he he wants he wants to give as much information as as needed but I but I told him to to keep it nice to show

1:57:29 you know you know what you can do actually I was thinking of like kind of Charlie Morgan and like, Italy asked him to record a video on whatever he's like offering and like what he does.

1:57:44 So it's like a video not like too much text. If he wants to like explain in detail what it does.

1:57:52 But that's too much text. No one will read it. Yeah, but overall, what are the basics of a Atlantic page to be?

1:57:59 A nice, proper Atlantic page. Hello, do you know that? Yeah, like I don't know. So for example, the head, you know, and you get it.

1:58:09 Hello, do you know how to build a landing page? Yeah. Please help a good guy. Okay, you can text me.

1:58:18 No, look at this. Oh, oh, yeah, I saw that. I didn't want to be mean. No, I agree to it.

1:58:29 Well, you can like use Webflow probably, that'll be a little bit more aesthetic, at least. At least use some paste thing.

1:58:42 Spacing. No, look, look, that's the first page. No, no, very well. For example, yes, something. Put it down in the second line, yes, and open.

1:58:55 And the out these the black thing you have in background do the same thing for the text and the public as well because you cannot read it Yeah, it's been black.

1:59:05 No problem with the physician. You cannot do that You're okay, and I don't think we're going to be late. It's got both And I already told you Tariq.

1:59:16 I already told you you have no phone number two there. So who the f*** should you call? no it's it's it's it's it's just a design it's not it's not it's not design it's the first page why are you doing this a template I've tried but it's yeah let's let him experiment let's let him experiment the thing

1:59:47 look at the logo the logo is What's your big nobody cares about his logo? Yeah, trust the logo and make it 10 times smaller Press the logo and the quality of the logo is like shit to write.

2:00:00 Yeah, I've just called Call down no no on the right side. I've just called down the right side Not on the right.

2:00:08 Yeah Down down down here size do a hundred times a hundred or 250 like 250 Is this your website or landing page?

2:00:20 It's not his website. Who's? 100 times 100. A client? Yeah, it's a client. But honestly, if you look at the website of the client, even that looks good.

2:00:35 Do you have to make it on the high level? No, do it on goalable. She should do it on goalable.

2:00:43 Really? You can build good website on goalable. really yes does anyone does anyone recommend perhaps a landing page builder which is automatic which is automatic no you let you f****** lazy yeah save it we have a template that is given we already have a template you can use for sorry you just have to

2:01:08 change it to your niche yeah but but what What should they include in that database? So the better, so the topic which is about a brief description, copy, CTA, and perhaps maybe some testimonials or what?

2:01:25 You don't need a lot. The best quality of this you want, right? Do you change background? Yeah, I don't like that.

2:01:34 Yes, of course you can. I don't like background. What's the meaning of that background? Like? Yeah, so their paragraphs are related to law.

2:01:49 And so I thought it wouldn't look so it would look that bad. Oh, you can't change the color of the word.

2:02:01 Yeah, I think what's your what's your account name? Michael name little girl agency That let me fix some stuff It's really I told you I'm I'm I'm look I'm sorry delivery I'm bad I would rather do course calling and sales, so being on employments I would rather do that all day then to design that PC.

2:02:43 Where f*** did you go on? What was your website over? No, no, no. What's the name of it? I go for a level account.

2:02:57 No, go back. Go back. Yeah. Doesn't really matter if you change anything because it doesn't look good. Oh, a lot of films.

2:03:09 Okay. Oh my god. Disgusting. Okay, you can let me change this stuff. Like I agree to come. Is a thing.

2:03:20 Always ask girls for design. And yet, let me show my screen. The logo is like the quality of the logo is really bad.

2:03:32 Like, I would think this is a bad law firm, just from the point of the logo. So, here's the thing, you want to do halfway here.

2:03:45 That's not already looked better. You can already read stuff. It says you can also add a couple of shadows. Or walk this around.

2:03:57 It's better. That's honestly better. But I don't like the fact that the background doesn't go over the entire page. Yeah, but once again, a question.

2:04:13 I think the whole language. Okay, I will have a look after the call. But should it be the whole language?

2:04:27 Just that, or something else included. Like a brief description of the services, which she offers or some testimonials, more news, some contact info, no, you want to keep it, you want to keep it minimal?

2:04:53 We have a long time. Oh, that's, that's, so I need to, yeah, I need to do the read the talk.

2:05:02 But here's the thing, you cannot even read the text, right? you cannot even read it. So the background is, so after the folds, you can put a box, no, just change the color of the container, do it black, yeah, or just do it black and play with the contrast, no transparency.

2:05:35 No, up. Click the color. Yeah. You cannot change it? No, you don't too much. Why? Good question. You asked too many questions.

2:06:02 Well, you can do it light fade, right? Yeah, and then go back to white. Yes, light and text. Okay. Yeah, the text to white and then please.

2:06:15 No, but that's not pasting to do. Yeah, text there, but I don't know why the. This is such a pain, yes, I think you need to go to the like why did you not put it in one but just make it like good wait did you put the same stuff oh f*** you put exact same text twice I didn't No, I don't know.

2:07:06 I think I think you did. No, I didn't do anything. This is really disgusting. Why cannot change the text? Why is it funny?

2:07:26 Is it a button? Yeah, so so regarding the button, I don't know how to have to but the button you if you press call, then you can add the phone number, right?

2:07:38 But this is so stupid. Just the button. Just change stuff here to just unrufen call and end the phone number.

2:07:50 Okay, but make the on a template that is really good, you can use it look for Instagram, send it on the chat, okay, okay, okay, what should you do in your chat with me?

2:08:01 No, look, I've just copied his CTA from his landing page to mine, you know? Yeah, but I mean, just to click button cannot be that and you build it up wrongly.

2:08:18 I don't know lack of experience. I'm trying to find myself you know. Thanks Angel, I'll have a look after that.

2:08:31 But the templates are from click funnels, so how are you going to migrate it? I don't recommend. Yeah, answer you do a bunch of shit.

2:08:41 Here's where you find templates, please look at templates Yeah, but I thought that you already went through all of those You also have funnel AI, by the way.

2:08:52 Didn't know that but you have from templates. Yeah, you follow. No, just look how many you have. Right. How many good funnels you have for lawyers?

2:09:08 How clean this looks? Did you check those? yeah you an idiot because your funnel looks ugly and you said those look ugly yeah because I So, guys, we are already over time.

2:09:43 And so I think we can stay for a minute. Everyone else, Ella, you are allowed to leave this weird group of men who are trying to build a funnel.

2:09:50 Ok, that way. This is a casting, so have a good night. You too. Good bye. Just, Tarik. Good night. Good night.

2:10:05 Good night. That's right. As you all know, this is still recording. Yeah, she's here. Oh, I just came out to you for home.

2:10:33 No, you found we're not being at it. Yeah, I think I said to you the loom. What is what loom?

2:10:46 I know I messaged you, but it doesn't matter. I can just tell you. I think the automation for the SMS did not get sent.

2:10:55 It says unsuccessful. Leo is dying right now. We have another call for today, Leo. Oh, shut up, please. I'm watching the moon.

2:11:09 Oh, okay. Okay, I could tell you why. I mean it's for the toll free because you need the toll free all I to pay to send SMS that's true I'm jaja that's why for new boys working because he's in the UK and you can send SMS in the UK with a local number okay and how long should I wait on the phone yeah 

2:11:34 if they're if they don't show up like less than 10 minutes but do something else in the meantime you can just start pulling wow Yeah, I just just put on the meantime or just whatever do something in the meantime But there's like how to prepare for a sales call.

2:11:51 There's nothing this. She's some say I've seen crazy stuff Right people looking up the LinkedIn making notes of the perfect before joining the call Right, I know exactly the guys trying to sell me because why would he spend so much shine?

2:12:03 But I literally join the call in my case for example with agency on us, right? I'm like cool Well, I've never spoken before just tell me how will you sell and then did you just say oh Then just tell me Okay, here's a thing just that's why you you need to ask questions Because you don't want to be like

2:12:21 an idiot and spend half an hour to research on who doesn't show up just asking when he shows up And so now she doesn't didn't show up what you do falling No, he's f****** lower Sorry, you didn't show up Oh, okay, I would just call for a walk for a walk.

2:12:40 Of course, right. So I did call like right away, but he didn't pick up So I just call next day and call him again One time should at least call fast Like call him toys.

2:12:54 Yeah, and then I messaged him, but I think the message is also unsuccessful Yeah, but we need actually we need to fit fine and problem for us I'm gonna speak with color but like if it's under verification as long as it doesn't get denied how long does it have you been waiting for 3 days today, so I'm

2:13:13 sure you can take you in a week Not ATP toll-free. Yeah Then like three or four days Businesses or was it also the way we can probably with first day so it cannot be Bruda Bruder.

2:13:34 What does that mean? That means a brother, brother. Bruder, it smells super good. You just need to wait, wait till Friday.

2:13:45 My Friday, be ready. If you get the night, I will just call up and I will speak like an idiot with to go a level support.

2:13:55 Yeah, last time. They are so stupid. It's so r*******. The issue you spend a half an hour or one hour with when I call just to tell I was speaking to my manager.

2:14:06 They come back after speaking to the manager. I will create the ticket. Thank you, idiot. You could have done it directly.

2:14:13 And then you wait 48 hours until a software engineer's looked at the problem of the building. But the issue, it doesn't matter what go all out, it's just a f****** go all out, it's a, I don't control go all out.

2:14:23 It's not my software. How to reach it's night at my software, that's why it doesn't work. It doesn't like, is it fully like ready?

2:14:34 They're working on the reply function so you can reply to leads and the rest should halfway work. I literally don't know how to answer each other in a while.

2:14:45 But we're having a campaign sending right now. So we are sending some stuff. So but I don't know when this I don't know when the service down we send 700 DMs right today with I don't know how much we send but we send 700 DMs on new campaign since but it's because you're part of the outer reader not like

2:15:07 us no fishy I just don't know my account I just just don't fish like I don't like issue.

2:15:21 This is not working or whatever. Yeah, I just said it's not working. For example, this doesn't work. Or for example, like here we are sending, but sometimes it's just disconnect and then it doesn't send anymore.

2:15:34 So you have to stop the company and launch the company again. So it does work, but right now the only thing that the actual thing that doesn't work is the reply function.

2:15:49 So you But it's all they're finishing and now is basically you can buy and create accounts within our Twitch, but that takes a bit of longer to fund them to finish.

2:15:59 So right now you just have to create with your phone, IG accounts. So you can actually send. I think all of the automation should work.

2:16:06 So it's like you cannot reply from our reader, but if you go to that account, you can reply physically. Yes, you can do that with one account, but we have multiple accounts that don't recommend and you're having like 20 accounts in login to their 20 accounts.

2:16:21 So for you, if you have one account, the two accounts, then yeah, you can log in on the same. So yes, I was very expecting you could even use it.

2:16:29 Oh, yeah. It is what it is. OK, again. And for playing, did you create like a new script? Yeah. Lishy, here's the thing, I want to do this morning.

2:16:42 I didn't have f****** time. Lishy, I wrote the script. What is the script? I spoke with some of the team members, so here's the old script, here's the new script.

2:16:53 Hey, Leo, I saw you, you joined. I just joined agency, oneness community. How do you find it? Okay, interesting. The main community where I am, where I'm in.

2:17:21 Yeah, it's a situation you quite have there a lot for free. And I'm learning a ton about, so we're still finishing that out.

2:17:29 That's why it's like after this call wanted to finish this up. I'm learning a ton about the solution communities news.

2:17:34 The host there about, what are you f***** up the text? It wasn't like that before. They're about to I don't know who did it host because I copied it from chat with you, so it wasn't broken.

2:17:49 It wasn't kaput. They're both host webinars and sharing so much even more than right now, which is crazy. If you want I can share to you.

2:17:56 That's the idea. It's not going to be finished, but what do you think? So I think it's better than like how the, how other people outreach to me about job shopping especially.

2:18:15 So this is better. We'll just want to make it as friendly as possible. So how do how do you find it?

2:18:27 Okay, I think for the first message that I think you should have like two to test it up to different.

2:18:38 I'm active in is we can still use direct one with one group in the indirect one no, do you know I found the issue I found the issue and why the conquer band is a domain is a domain I get f***** so they put a new like a new thing which basically if they see like one account promoting and the account gets

2:19:05 reported for promotion, they will search accounts with the domain and will just spend every single account with the domain. So like even if it's not mine, if it's someone else's.

2:19:16 Yes, because they know the domain because he is smart. Simon was a super smart and he knows every person can only have one like the domain is limited to one person, right?

2:19:26 I cannot have you'll domain unless it's a fake one and if it's a fake one then it should be your school right that's what I can't get banned but I feel like if you can just send the code because it has an option even though it's suspended it has an option to send a code but you need to have an email 

2:19:44 to send a code so it can start working again if that's suspended yes but not if they're banned but right now they're starting to ban people not being disabled being banning people Okay, because of promotions.

2:20:01 So also we have to be careful with when we So Joe is right now building a school bot, which basically is gonna help a photo up right Automated photo process for the webinars and all of that stuff, but we have to be careful because His thing might work, but the issue is the people reporting It to school

2:20:21 . So it can be that after he has sent for example the invitation to free webinars people are gonna report us No, I won't, let's say one person, the source is going to see it, right, and you can see okay Joe adds Black some reality just promoted and then let's say Leo add black some reals is also going

2:20:38 to be banned because they think it's almost a Promotive which would make sense because we're from same team Okay, so we have to just what I'm saying is we have to be careful with the messaging.

2:20:48 I don't think they put in some kind of like tracking of things like that the only way it works is by people reporting us So we have to make everything possible to not be reported So have good looking profile have really proper pictures have a like Agency owner in the bio like a counter off x-ray.

2:21:08 It's there So like a company's name just create around them one Yeah, just say founder ads or Working on Scanning my agency but more demotivation because every every f****** guide that is more putting a motivation description is promoting But honestly, I don't know how many people found it out.

2:21:30 Because I found it out because I already knew the system from Facebook. I don't know how the other ones found it out so quickly.

2:21:38 Like found out what? How to smash the M people in school. Okay. Yeah, there are other people who are doing it as well.

2:21:48 Yeah, exactly. That shocks me. It's not, I don't think that's many. I just think it's big people. Big people. Like me So we just have to make it friendly so the people even if the people are not interested they say no just We have to stop speaking to them.

2:22:05 So we don't get reported, but of course if we send the automated message But some people who said no, we're still gonna reach out to it and then they're gonna report us That's gonna be harder.

2:22:18 Yes, but we have we either have to make it work with You're all guys doing the follow ups, which can be tough, or the bot who does it, which is going to make it simpler, but you know.

2:22:31 The problem with this format is also for a fact that they're going to be replying in the round of time and they might not be asked to when you reply to their messages.

2:22:42 This script, you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yes, because we ask questions, we have to wait and reply. That's the good thing.

2:22:54 And I agreed to the fact of split testing the first message, but what's the good thing about it? It makes it look more human because it's more for conversation.

2:23:04 Yeah. The conversation is very narrow, right? Nobody's going to ask me what niche I'm in, just as soon as I reply, you just go back straight into our case interesting or whatever one of these three we're looking at right now.

2:23:18 And if and then we ask if you want I can share to you because before right before it was two steps before so before it was zero step we just send it that we have a three step process meaning we first get a reply then we basically pitch them and then we ask sorry and then we ask them if we can share and

2:23:40 only if they say yes, so we have three basically platforms. And should there be like a follow-up for the first message if they don't see?

2:23:53 Yes, it can be just a name, honestly. I'm sure. But yeah, good point. This is what we have. My brain is so that we start to finish that.

2:24:04 I can look at my screen activities today. I worked nine hours today. You say in here? Yes, yesterday I worked 14 hours.

2:24:18 I did before. My average day work is 9 hours. I would want to know how much, how many hours Oscar works yesterday with 12 hours.

2:25:17 Oscar. Yeah, I started at 11. Let's see. Look. This isn't this is a shoe, but I thought that you you said that Oscar I worked 12 hours.

2:25:29 No. Look at this stupid shit. Very crazy. You should see how it is. This should the only days where work less is for that.

2:25:44 You see having a girlfriend. That's like the two, and when I go to the gym, there's two hours where I don't work, you know, they may have an hour or two or five hours, but I also study.

2:25:55 So yeah, I know this one's like, but I know that's the thing where it doesn't matter. Like of course, I have the chance of being full-time in my business, but in the end it comes back that we all just do our best.

2:26:05 That's what I think. As long as you do the same and sure, and of course it sucks if you doesn't show up, you know, it's like, if you keep on going, you've got to find better ways of getting sales.

2:26:13 It's called, especially we are right now looking at two things, but this is just a thing I just don't get to do it, which is basically firstly, as a mass campaign, where we tell them to call us back and then where it's basically what we do, it's basically there's a voice AI, which is on our level.

2:26:32 It costs a hundred bucks on top, but even like we can do an SMS campaign, because with As Emmanuel was doing as a mess campaign, he gets sales calls also that way, even though he's scrimmed the shit.

2:26:43 So if I mean, if we give you all, basically, we tell you to do the mess marketing on top of co-calling, it will make it easier to get sales calls plus WhatsApp automation to get people to shop on the sales call.

2:26:58 That could be quite good. But yeah, we have to make sure firstly that the toll-free thing works. Okay, so for the SMS is like the least that I haven't called.

2:27:12 Yeah, like every lead, as you put it all of you lead in a drip campaign, don't put it all in once, just put it into a drip, drip campaign, so say 100 people per day, you send an SMS soon and the people who will apply, or as people who should go into this, either you call them up and then get them to 

2:27:26 book, or depending on the script, you get them to book directly, or another thing we're experimenting right now is there's a voice agent that is I have been added to go our level which is not that bad.

2:27:38 I usually try it but it's paid it's cause 97 dollars per month and so it's quite expensive but basically how it would work and like Ella told me how it would work basically there's another software you can use combining with go our level so you send an SMS and tell hey if you think it's interesting it's

2:27:55 just call me on to the the number, so you get inbound calls and then it's like the voice AI, the taxi call, ask you questions, books, the sales call, all you have to do is attend the sales call.

2:28:04 But of course, let's just have a fairly clear speaking or clear if it works. So that's why we have to test it, look if it works.

2:28:11 But now we're also running ads. You probably know that by Nibu. Oh, sorry. You speak a lot with Nibu, right?

2:28:20 yeah how many times a day he just text me he just asked me question and that's why I speak I don't know probably four or five times a week a week a week a week a week another day so every day good night sleep well he's just a friend he's just a friend oh friend so I will tell him that you good friends

2:28:50 aren't. No, cool. I will work on the script, give you the script. That's what it looks like. Yeah, and so can you send me the list of communities to join?

2:29:05 I will check them and I will keep like half of the communities. And I spoke to the V8 team today and I told them I'm going to fly them in two weeks if we don't get better at least.

2:29:13 Really? Yeah, that's amazing. Oh, sorry. That's not what I was saying. No, it's not. And I even told you, he won't try them now.

2:29:23 I was like, you can fix it. I believe in them. I believe in everyone. But then how do you like, there's a time you can get false leads without actually knowing?

2:29:32 Because like, I check it and still tend to get false leads. Huh? Like, check their profile. And then it's still, they're not really good leads.

2:29:41 Yeah, but the average is higher. It's just like here's a thing right on one need it doesn't matter but if you do let's say you send 300 500 people per week send messages like the amount of qualified people maybe we just got 50 people who join right 10% 50 people who join it.

2:29:59 Let's say 5 1% 5 people join it but they're actually good at least right meaning it make we are actually an because that's a big thing from the broader, right?

2:30:08 I can tell you, the above page of the free community has a conversion rate of 30%. We had 200 signs up, sign up in the last seven days.

2:30:28 But our community didn't grow by 200 people, right? The reason is false is because we had to decline probably half of the people, right?

2:30:35 Because just half of the people are just unqualified So unless he spoke with Keen a few days and he said it's great weapon all this but he doesn't know the quality of the artist But then I read to it We just wanted to have an audience of us which is good, but we have to have a qualified audience right

2:30:51 and because The people get paid for lead and you get paid for commission right which is in better That's why it's like you spend less time reaching out to people and And changing their accounts plan to traction if you're just putting good leads that actually converts you make more on it.

2:31:06 I know one is like ages like a factor and the other one is if they are part of the paid community already or not.

2:31:15 How do you mean? Like you know how they're like budget school communities and it says free but then some of the people are like part of paid communities as well.

2:31:25 you have to be careful with that because there's also if I would turn the free community into paid they would it would look like as if all of them would be in a paid even though they're not just because the the community for example went from zero and then they start charging that's a lot that's also

2:31:43 a model a lot of people do is like to get the first 400 members in for free and then they start charging 100 bucks per month so it looks like that all of those 400 people I have paid $100 per month.

2:31:56 So the way to judge it is just people if they're active, right? Do the profile picture looks real? Right? Does the bio, because here's the thing, every human being when you make a bio, you think about it, every V8 doesn't think about it.

2:32:13 Okay. So it's like looking, one thing I of course is the profile picture, like the name makes sense. Because sometimes I've seen people requesting to join a community, which have a masculine name with a feminine profile picture.

2:32:25 I'm like, are you completely stupid? And then the email address is with a pretty different name at gmail.com. I'm like, why should you have a completely random email address?

2:32:36 Like doesn't make sense? Right. Is there like a way to see their email art school? No, they could put it whatever email they want.

2:32:45 Okay. for the premium media, I think you do get to write email address. I think you do. I'm on presidential.

2:32:58 The only email address that is correct is when you send it 72 hours, automatically email, then gets to their official email address, I think.

2:33:07 Not the one that they are putting, which can be fake. That's the same thing we do. So we have to look what other people do and not do the things.

2:33:15 Like I told you, we have some competition, we have to do what, we have to prevent to do the same thing as a competition, right, to basically be more friendly.

2:33:29 So, I'm sure do you have any questions, anything you need, anything you want? Right now, I don't have any questions, but I just want our reader to be fixed.

2:33:40 We want as well. I'll put them


0:00 I had the chance to learn one of the most important lessons that every day helps me to keep on going from Alex Hormozy himself.

0:11 And this worldview he shared with me allowed me to break free. And let me explain to you. I was, like everyone else, trying to build And I was struggling just like you.

0:24 I'm struggling. I don't know what to, how to do. Right. And then I come across this coaching call with Alex.

0:31 Right. And what he told me there was the first things that make it valuable. Let's say service. Anything is that other people don't have it.

0:50 Why, for example, is a Rolls Royce valuable, let's say, well, Lamborghini, right? People like value it in terms of status.

0:59 It's because a lot of people don't. Who does value a Toyota? The person who doesn't have a car. Anyone else don't value it for shit.

1:12 So what he taught me and what I try to teach you is that if you want to make money, money is a form of value.

1:26 You can trade money for not a form of value, which can be a service, which can be dissolving pain. It can be a car, which is also just It's a value, a form of value, a physical object, an action.

1:41 an asset, a liability. Money is just a value. But what, like he said, the thing that makes something valuable is that people don't have it.

1:59 Meaning Why don't people not have it? Why do people don't have a Lamborghini? Simply They have something Stopping them Having one And that's the super interesting part, which is We all have pain.

2:36 We all because we want to grow and by growing comes pain And by pain comes the solve and the solving of the pain And that by solving the pain comes the value By solving it, solve the pain is value So, I remember him telling me, if you want to be exceptional, let's say make money, an exceptional way, 

3:09 which is way more than anyone else, you have to do the exceptional, which is go through the pain people are not willing to go through.

3:19 So you, can have the value, which is the knowledge on how to go about it, how to fix it, that means that if I want to be valuable, I have to suffer, and through the suffering comes the value that I will show have, meaning suffering is a beautiful thing, it's not a bad thing, because it makes me valuable

3:48 , it makes you valuable, and with that frame, I break through, because I didn't gave up, I kept on going, because I understood that it's exactly why it's hard.

4:02 That I will become valuable, and I will make money, so use that frame from onwards today, money is value, and people value things they don't have, and for you to acquire value, you have to go through the suffering.

4:21 they don't want to go through, and are willing to exchange it for money. If that's a valuable lesson to you, feel free to share it with other people, share it to a friend, family, if they can use that, and I hope you enjoyed it, and I will see you in the next one.


0:00 I will explain to you one of the most valuable lessons I ever learned from Alex Ramosi and his worldview, he taught me, allowed me to break free.

0:10 So let me explain. You most likely are trying to build your business, just like I was, right? And what happens when you're building your business?

0:20 Is you're facing a lot of trouble and you want to give up, right? You're asking yourself, can I make it right?

0:31 Can I do it right? Why? Right. A big question. Why I was playing this on a coaching call inside of community.

0:41 Why? What is your why? And I remember on a coaching call with Alex Hamozi, him saying, there is a reason why something is valuable.

0:56 And I will explain to you the principle of value, because most of you don't know. You don't know what value is.

1:01 the removal, removal, removal... removal of pain. You're like, okay, Leo, what does it mean?

1:29 That means the only reason something is valuable, it's because it's painful. And that's why businesses pay consultants. That's why businesses pay marketing agencies, because it's painful, they suffer, and it's in the suffering that the value is created.

1:53 Because the frame he taught me was, If you want to be exceptional, you have to do what exceptional people do, which is, if you want to create value, you have to go through pain other people don't want to, and if you change your mind, from, this is so hard, I can't do it, to, no one will be able to follow

2:30 , no one will be able to do this, you will understand that you're on a path to success, which helped me keep on going, because I was struggling.

2:40 Day and night, struggling to get sales calls, struggling to close people, I had over 100 sales calls where I didn't close, and that's exactly when I remembered the quote he told me, which is, if it's hard, keep going, if you feel alone, keep on going.

3:01 Because, it's only the exceptional who will keep on going, and that's what's going to make them valuable, because money is a form of value, and you can trade money for other forms of value, which can be skills, which can be expertise, knowledge, and if you want to acquire the value so you can get the

3:24 money for a value, you have to go through pain, you have to suffer. Is it beautiful? No. Is it the truth?

3:32 Yes. So, what I wanted to give you, to you, especially in this video, is the understanding, which is, you are to have, it has to be hard, it needs to be hard, so that you can become valuable to other people.

3:53 I hope by watching this video, you understand that you just have to keep on going. If you liked the video, share it to other people who can get use of this quote.

4:02 I hope you enjoyed it, and see you in the next Cheers.


0:01 Why the effort you put in don't get you the results you want. And I will explain to you why and how to fix it so that you can actually achieve your goals without putting effort into something for nothing.

0:19 Let's go into point A. Point number one, what you do doesn't matter. And I will explain to you in that way, right?

0:32 Imagine your let's say a service provider, right? Like an agency or coaching business, right? So you're providing a service, right?

0:55 And now what you spend your spend, let's say a week on, right? It's finding a name and making a logo.

1:02 Now the next week, what you do is you build a crazy, beautiful looking website, right? Cool. Now you feel, Oh, let me get started.

1:13 Now I'm going to watch a bunch of YouTube videos on how to do outreach. Right. Well, how to do corpals, the reason why you won't succeed, and it seems so obvious by me telling it, but most people should do it.

1:28 It's just, you work on the things that don't matter. Our website doesn't matter. I'm, I make over $20,000 a year.

1:38 I don't even have a company logo. I had a company name. Which, by the way, sucked. It's called Blackstone Realty.

1:48 And I was working then on with Rufus, so it didn't even fit. But nobody cares. Do you care that my name is Leo?

1:55 Do I care that your name is John? James? Whatever. No. Nobody cares. Cause nobody cares about you. And you have to do the activities which are gonna matter to the results you want.

2:11 You have probably heard a million times this 80-20 rule. Oh, not this one again. How many of you don't implement it?

2:18 How many of you just start doing stuff in the morning or in the afternoon when you start going and sit down to work?

2:25 You don't think about what is the actual thing which is gonna move the needle. And the second reason is to fix that matter.

2:34 You don't do. Cause nobody wants to be a sucker. Right? It's true, it's true. A lot of the times, right?

2:44 The thing which is gonna make you money, which is gonna grow your business, which is gonna stabilize your business, is the boring thing.

2:51 It's just doing more outreach, having more sales calls. That's the boring thing. Right? If right now, let's say you don't even have sales call, the boring thing is just outreach, but you have to do more of it.

3:04 So you become better at outreach. And that is what you need to do. And usually it's the last thing you do when you need to do this.

3:15 Or usually, oh, I didn't have time. I have so much work to do. But for a full website, a logo, you spend two hours on a logo in, in two hours of outreach.

3:29 The amount of progress you make by doing that is incredible. And here's, I will explain to you how I train track success, right?

3:40 And let's say money, right? Let's take into a chart, right? Here's money. Let's say the first dollar, right? And to give you a second example, here's, let's say 10 K.

3:57 That's really better. 10 K per month, right? Now, how most of you see it, right? It's just, I need to hit 10 K.

4:11 I need to make 10 K. No, none of you know how to do it, right? I will explain to you Here, it's time, effort, and most importantly, focus.

4:30 Right? So resources against the goal. And now I will tell you, what is the difference between here, between you making zero dollars and one dollar.

4:49 I will tell you what it is. And I will explain to you exactly why. You have to change the way you see this, and it will help you so much.

5:02 So pay attention. Here, at this point, is where you make your first dollar. Your first dollar. So here, or here, you make zero dollars.

5:16 Zero. Absolutely zero. Absolutely zero dollars. Now, let's say we put this into time frame, right? Well, one month, three months, six months.

5:30 Honestly, we could just put six and twelve months because that's more realistic, but let's take it to example. What do you think?

5:38 Is that you're not making progress because you don't make money even though the progress curve is just a combination of basically you becoming better and your skills becoming more valuable, more useful.

6:00 And now you're like, Leo, what explains to me, if you want to skyrocket your results, you have to make more significant progress quicker.

6:11 And I'll tell you one thing, if you have zero experience, it's going to take time, right? As you can see here, in the first few months, you don't make a single dollar, like you don't, you make so little bit of progress because you don't know what to do.

6:26 And now look at this, why this chart, I love it, because now you're quasi making what, what happened to me, within a single month, I went from making my first dollar, to making my $16,000 in one single month, because that's how you grow with progress.

6:48 So for you to achieve financial success, you have to make more progress, meaning you have to, the action you take will define how much progress you make.

7:02 Very important. The action you take will define how much progress you make. So if you think, if you spend your time building on a website, it will just make this call longer.

7:14 Usually here people give up, right? If you don't want to give up, if you want to make it work, you have to make the right progress, the right progress, because there's a right and wrong.

7:28 There's a better and worse. And the better and worse is where the magic happens, which is the work you do not want to do.

7:38 It's in the call calls, it's in the outreach, it's in content creation, whatever it is, the magic is happening here, because that's progress.

7:55 You become more efficient, you create better skills. You get better conversion rates, and that's how you make progress, and that's how you make money.

8:03 I hope you enjoyed this video, make sure to subscribe, and I will see you in the next one.


0:01 The realisation that I had to make to achieve 10k per month, it was really, really tough. And now, that I make that money, I want to break it down for you, because it holds me back a lot of time.

0:17 And here's what it is. You cannot be you. If you want to make 10k per month. You're like, what the f*** do you mean?

0:24 Let me explain. When I started my agency, right, I would, I was doing journaling, affirmation, gratitude, right, all of those things.

0:46 And I wasn't seeing success. I wasn't. I was like, why? I'm doing a lot of the mindset. Everyone tells me it's my mind.

0:55 And here's the thing. Between, between $0.00 and $10k, the only difference is you. Slash your mind. Mindset, how you view the world.

1:13 And why can I tell you that? Because people who know me from back then would never recognize me of what I do today.

1:22 Of who I am today. Of most things, I don't give a f***, for example. I don't care about most things, right?

1:30 I'm way less emotional. I don't react on emotions, right? I see when I'm emotional. I work every single day. Without not wanting, like, I want to work.

1:48 These are all of things that I had to go learn. And now the question is, how do you learn that?

1:58 All of those things, because there are I just named you a few example, the way to learn all of those, I will tell you what it is.

2:14 If you want to make success and progress, if you want to have success and want to make progress quicker, you have to do this.

2:21 Because the lessons you will learn from doing are incredible, right. For example, the lesson of doing cold calling taught me, no one cares.

2:41 The lesson of sales taught me, you need, you need to learn how to speak. There are millions of lessons that I learned in the last two years, which are all, all responsible for me changing as a person.

3:13 Me, back then compared to now, are two different people. I will show you a miserable and successful. I don't care about the same stuff.

3:28 And like the best example, I just want to work. You see doing concourse is a bad thing. You do outreach as a bad thing.

3:35 I work eight to 10 hours every single day for my business and I like doing that. I like it. And that's exactly what reason why I make money because I like what I do and it's not by manifesting it by doing the thing I want to do.

3:50 It's just by doing so much of it that you start to develop joy in what you do. Why do self reps?

4:01 50 years call calls, 50 years corporate sales and then sell to people because they start to enjoy it because in the beginning you're full of fear, pain and when you become successful you don't care.

4:21 You understood that this fear is absolutely irrational. So if you want to make 10k per month you have to just do, you have to take action and it's gonna go, it's gonna be tough and the exact reason why it is tough it's because you need to change.

4:38 Because it's change that allows you to grow. So you have, you absolutely have to keep on going.

5:02 And that's literally the realization that I have to make today, after two years of sweat, trial and error, to understand that I had to go through it.

5:24 So, if right now, you're like, it's, it's painful, it's hard, I don't wanna do this, it sucks, I just wanna watch Netflix, me as well sometimes, but you have to go through it, so you can grow, so you can learn how to make 10k.

5:42 That's what if Elon Musk would go broke tomorrow, in 5 years, he would be the richest man on earth again, because he's just different.

5:51 His mind is different, the way he sees work, the way he sees life is completely different. So there's so many things that are gonna change you.

6:02 I'm gonna change, because I change, and if you fear, a lot of people fear change. That's why, for example, in politics, you never see any change happening.

6:16 Because, just, like, the crowd. In the society, fears change, and you don't want to change, but if you want it bad enough, you will accept the fear, and you will change, and become successful, and I can tell you the way I change is a million times.

6:42 better than it was before. I'm more competent, right? My abilities have increased, my self-esteem has decreased, my self-confidence has increased, my ability to communicate, so many things change in a better way.

7:01 So, the goal of this video is for you to realize it's normal. It's normal that you feel you don't know what to do, you feel overwhelmed, you feel stressed, because you have to learn how to go with it, around, with it, you're gonna have to learn it, and the only way you can do it is by keep on going, 

7:32 because your brain will find a way, you have to trust yourself you will find a way, I know you will, cause I did, and I'm not special, you just have to keep on going.

7:41 I believe in you. I believe all of you guys, and ladies, and I want to see you next time. If you liked the video, make sure to subscribe, cheers!


00:00 How I booked over 400 meetings, sales calls, with DMs. So, today I will teach you the exact steps you need to follow so you can book more than 50 appointments per month with DMs.

00:14 So, let's get into it ASAP. So, the first thing which is going to be the most profound and most important thing of any kind of outbound, inbound, any kind of business offer, right?

00:29 And I will explain to you why office are so crucial because that's what other people buy. Now, there's two things to create good offers, right?

00:47 Firstly, I highly recommend the hundred million dollar offer by Alex Homozy if you don't know who he is just search, uh, one hand million dollar offer by Alex Homozy.

01:01 It's a very good book. Now, I will break to you down what are the actually importance of an offer, right?

01:06 Which is, firstly, what pain does your industry have? So, let's say you're working with real estate agents and you're doing a legion for them, so you run a marketing agency for real estate agents.

01:28 Like, I was doing. You're gonna find out what the pains are. And most of you struggle to display. And I was, right, I was trying to sell them a 2K upfront deal or something they were not interested in.

01:39 Right? So, what pain does your industry have? Now, good question. How do you find it out? Very simply. Go ask them.

01:47 What I wanted to do is I wanted to call, go ask family and friends if you know the industry. And you ask them, what are you with?

02:03 The only reason we buy things is because we want to have less pain. Or, which is the second option, more pleasure.

02:17 Meaning, if we want to have more pleasure, you want to need to know what your industry wants. Agency owners want to keep them up.

02:28 Right, roofing businesses, no, let's say they want 40 roofs in the lake. Or they want to hit 2.5 million revenue.

02:38 But yeah, whatever the goal is, a very good offer has both instead of them. So you need to have a super good offer.

02:50 We're running ads, we're doing call calls, we're doing emails, we're doing everything. Every kind of offer. And every single one of them works.

02:57 Because of step number one, which is the offer. Because the offers were just super super crucial. So get the offer right.

03:06 And if you do so, you will guarantee book unemployment. If you do enough volume, you will guarantee book unemployment. Now, I'll tell you the- Now, if you want to know more about offers, right, we have a community where we teach you a lot more of a creation in sales, all of the stuff.

03:20 It's down below. Check it out. And let's get to the next point. We should start again. A lot of mistakes people do with DMs is they target the wrong people.

03:38 And so did I. I was trying to work with every single recent agent. And only later on, after one year, I realized there are segments in every single market, right?

03:51 So you gotta have a segment. Which could be, for example, a financial level. I don't know how to spell. Doesn't matter.

04:05 It can be a size. It can be a location. You want to segment your niche. And find which one of them, is the best for you.

04:20 Which one of them do you want to serve? Right, because they take real estate agents, for example. And list every city.

04:27 There are hundreds, if not thousands, or if not ten thousands, of recent agents. questions. And . I had to realize that, oh, do you want to work with people who don't make money?

04:38 Or do you want to work with the people who make millions? Right, because that is what I realized they swear the segments of real estate.

04:45 And so you have to do the same thing. Understand your targeting. Right. If you work with hotels, the same goes.

04:53 What's the size? What's the price? What's the location? For example, right? So understand your targeting. Next thing, right? That also fits your targeting.

05:06 If you do TMs, the way to target people properly, right? I will give you an example. Right. If I want to target- target agency owners, right?

05:20 On Instagram. The best way I will target them is I will look at the big guys. Right. Imangazi. Very good.

05:42 John Plattan. Charlie Morgan. Right. More on those three you know. John Kaplan. One of them you know. And what I will do is I'm going to utilize their audience.

05:54 Which is full of agency owners. And reach out to them. Because these are the followings. I meant to once told me.

06:11 If this is, Let's say, Iman, as an example, right? And this, It's his universe, right? His universe is basically his audience, all of the money he created.

06:27 By putting myself, In between, him, And the people, right? I make money. Because he makes, a lot more money.

06:47 So I can take money, Just by utilizing his audience, right? And that's, What I recommend you doing. On IG, on Facebook, find the big people in the space.

07:00 For example, if you work with gyms, gym lounge, right? Gym lounge targets coaches, and they're very, very big. And you're gonna have, sorry, d- You're gonna find gym owners.

07:13 Gym owners, you'll find them at the profile, like, at the profile page of gym not. Next point. Approach. How do you want to approach them?

07:24 There's one specific way that I like to do it, and there's two ways I will show you. One way. Is the question.

07:34 The second way. Right. Direct approach is where you just directly come to them and tell them, hey, I got something to pitch you.

07:49 Do you mind the f***ing? If I pitch you. This would be a direct approach. Right. Or even inviting them to a, let's say, a free lead magnet, which works the best.

08:04 Lead magnets were basically give something valuable way to them, which basically they, by implementing. We'll make more money. Right. That's something valuable.

08:14 And you give that a wait for free. Right. And now the question, which I honestly love. Right. And the question is, ask something.

08:33 I will give you an example. If you're an agency owner, I will ask you what niche you're in. I will say, hey Joe, what niche you're in.

08:41 Like, who is this guy? Just ask me a question. It cannot. Here we'll tell you what is important. Right. It can neither.

08:52 Right. B. Two. Customer. I will show you an example. Hey, do you have a spot free? Let's say if you work with medspar.

09:07 Do you have a spot free for next Friday? That's two- That's too much of a question our customer would ask.

09:15 Our other side is, if you would ask, which is, for example, uh, pitch. Which is, can you, like, can you take on more leads?

09:25 I will tell you what the middle is. How many- Well, do you have all- do you have left for this month?

09:36 Ooh, because now they would want to answer because they don't know if you're a customer. But your question is you're like, okay, I could just pretend to be a customer, right?

09:46 And then just push it that way. Not gonna work because they don't like it. . . They hate it. And they're gonna tell you you tried to, like, f*** them, right?

09:58 And basically, you wasted that time. Now, on the other side, if you just ask a neutral question, you're starting here.

10:05 And now, all you can take from here is, oh, so many! Like, are you not fully booked out? Second question.

10:12 And then you go to the pitch. That is one of the best approach I like to take. Think of a question, which is extremely neutral.

10:23 About that against the curiosity, right? How many houses do you have your soul this month? Right? Like, what is your, uh, hey, if you're working for your estate agents.

10:36 Hey, how many, uh, what commission do you take? This could be either a page or a customer. Love it. Works super super good.

10:48 Next- Next thing, scripts. Two things. Don't waste the time. You should do not want to waste the time with things.

11:03 And you want to make it as simple as possible. Right? And the script is- of very, very, very important. And it comes from the author.

11:11 Right? And then you put the author into a script. And the script is basically just an order you follow. And the script is honest, it should be simple.

11:28 So, ask the question, go on, answer it like, just, answer to that question, like, they give you an answer, you just say, okay, great.

11:37 And then you say, hey, uh, actually I'm trying to have blah blah blah. So you don't waste the time, you go to the author, and then you go to the last point, which is booking.

11:45 Right? And I want to put two notes into it. The best way is- It's always to book for them, right?

11:50 But if you do it over DMs, you want to send them, for example, calendar link, Calendar link, right? And the second thing, which is here, which is friction.

12:03 You want to have- I don't know if it's about right, but you want to have as little amount of friction as possible, which appreciate it.

12:08 Because you- it's better to send them a link and they choose for themselves than to ask them. Hey Joe, are you free Tuesday morning?

12:17 Oh no. When are you free? Wednesday? Ah, I'm not free Wednesday. Just send them the damn f****** link, right? Or call them up and then get them to book, right?

12:27 And then you take the information and- and you book them in, right? You want to have a little amount of friction, which is you want to have times opener, time spots augment, times opener in your calendar.

12:41 And you want to have as easy as possible, you don't want to have a million qualification. If you want to have a million qualification, then do a discovery for God bless you, phone call.

12:54 Make it easy for them to book. Make it easy. And all of that, I, is all of that is useful, useless if you don't have a good offer.

13:03 So you have to focus on making a good offer. Now, if you combine those four things, five things, you can- definitely book a lot of sales calls.

13:11 Now, we have a completely free DM course that goes into more depth in our school community, right? So, school. It's called Sales Solution.

13:19 It's gonna have the link down below. If you want to check it out, do it. If not, have a bonif- beautiful day.

13:24 Speak to you soon. Cheers!


00:00 So, if you are starting your agency, meaning, you are by default still a beginner if you don't have any clients.

00:10 So, which is fine, if you have been in the game for 6 months, 10 years, it doesn't matter. As long as you don't have clients, this is the offer you should use.

00:19 And why do we tell you what offer to use? We have an excessive alpha creation course for when it goes about scaling, because then you have to create a new USP, then you have to create an appealing offer that makes you a lot of money.

00:38 Now, in the case of all of you who don't have clients, here's what you should do. And I want you to write down that exact offer, which is, I will work for free for one month and get you the absolute best results.

00:56 So, the only thing left And thing they have to pay is their own ad spend. You don't pay for anything. You don't pay for their cost.

01:08 But they don't pay you a single dime. Why? Because you're not going to close s**t without proof. You could try, I tried, I didn't close for over a hundred sales calls and now I'm really, really f*****g good at sales.

01:24 it has nothing to do with how good you are in sales. It's just that your own conviction that you can actually do it is critical.

01:30 Because it's zero. Because you have never done it before. And the best way to build a business is always start to work for free.

01:37 Get proof, get testimonials, then you can raise the prices. So, if you don't use that f*****g offer, you will fail.

01:44 Because I won't try it. And if you try right now to charge 2k upfront for your agency, you will f*****g yourself. And I don't want you to do so.

01:53 Because I want you to f*****g another human being and not yourself. So, here's what you should do. I will work for Apti for free.

02:04 For one month for you. I will get you qualified leads. And the way you're gonna do this is ads combined with GoHello.

02:14 GoHello you get for free in the community. So, you don't have any running costs. And you can get unlimited accounts so you can manage all of your clients in one place.

02:21 Now, ads. Pressing button is easy. But because you don't have to, The experience you need to learn by doing.

02:35 Because ads is just marketing, honestly. What most of you don't know how to do is marketing. But let's not worry too much about it.

02:42 Let's worry more about the offer. So, the offer is, I will work for Apti for free. But then you ask me, how am I gonna make money?

02:49 You work for free for one month. If you get good results and you tell it on the sales call, hey, if I get you good results, do you think it's fair for me to charge you for the next month a little bit of money of what I made you?

02:59 performance, but yeah. If he says, yes, cool. Next month, you're going to charge him a low performance deal, right? If you made a company 3k, you can take 10 to 30%.

03:08 So 1k or 300, $300, right? $300, for example, or 900, right? And you just asked him, hey, I made you that money next month.

03:22 If I do you the same, can I charge you 15%? Then you have a performance deal or you can, you, what I want you to do is Researchers numbers How much profit do they make?

03:33 Let's say on a roofer, if it's a $10,000 product, uh, project, how much money do they make? And from the money they make, you can take 10 to 30%.

03:41 And that's what you're going to charge per project, per client, right? There's also a way you can charge per appointment, but usually in the beginning, you don't want to go in too much, but most importantly, you just want to get a client.

03:54 You just want to get a testimonial proof that You know what the f*** to do and you're gonna fail. That's what that's why it's complete fine.

04:01 Because you actually told them and you were honest. I don't have experience. I'm new. You want to tell them that because it's going to be way, way easier to close someone for free.

04:11 They still have to pay the ad spend, by the way. So it's not going to be for free. They still pay one K.

04:16 So you have to learn how to get them to trust you by you being confident and not nervous and know that he will do your absolute best because you don't have to lie about testimonials a lie about guaranteeing them 25 new leads.

04:31 Without new clients, without having done a single time before. So what I want you to do is I want you to just go out there, present that offer to people, call, call people, tell them, Hey, I work for free.

04:44 Just all I want in exchange is a testimonial. And you, if you have, can refer me to other people. Why that works because you're going to get testimonials and people are like, Oh, is he willing to work for free?

04:57 Great. If you work for free for me, I'm more than happy to take you on board. So offer to work for free and it's not for free just because you don't get money.

05:06 It's not for free. You get testimonial proof of work and you get experience. They pay you one K for you to learn how to run ads.

05:14 So don't worry too much about running ads because it's not pressing the button that it's hard. It's about you being in the game, creating offers for the end customer, right?

05:21 So we're also going to teach you all of that, but it's really f****** simple. What you want to do is just go with that offer.

05:31 I work for free for 30 days, absolutely for free, no service charge and bring you qualified leads. The service is going to be running ads to a form and putting that form to a booking page, right?

05:46 A landing page and getting the people to book a consultation or call the people to go, uh, basically bring the leads to, uh, if it's a dentist to the receptionist, right?

05:57 by either you calling them up and qualifying the people or telling the receptionist. To call up the leads to qualify them, right?

06:06 But you want to bring leads. You want to bring new potential clients. That's your job. So with that offer, you want to do that for the first few people, first three people, right?

06:16 So the first person you want to work for absolutely for free. If you get some good results to the next person, you can go and offer a performance deal, pure performance deal.

06:26 If that again you get testimonial do it again for a third person for a first month, not for always for first month, because now you have three different testimonial of proof of work.

06:38 Now you can start charging people for, let's say, if you need a service, let's say, because you're already going to have a lot of volume, right?

06:45 You're already going to have to manage three clients because the client clients are not going to leave you if you give them good results.

06:50 And if you give them shit results, all it is, Hey, sorry, I did my absolutely best. You move on and go to step number one again, meaning I will work for free for 30 days.

07:01 Till you find out! Find a system that can generate them money till you have that, you should not charge a single person because you're literally burning other people's money and you should feel shit about it.

07:13 So go out there, work for free for one month, find a system that makes them money, bring some new clients.

07:19 If you do so, great. now all you have to do go for the second one say hey look I did this just for Joe down the road and he's happy with the work I do I want to do that I don't want you to pay me anything in front, just pay me if I give you a good resource So it's cool, great, here's how much I want 

07:38 Is it fair to you? You have to make a logical number like I told you, 10-30% If that's the case, great, now you can go to the third one, do the same again And then, then you can start charging set up fees from the third one Or the next month you're already gonna make money With that you already have 

07:56 cheap paying clients because from month 2 on They are paying clients Once again, thank performance basis, but you make money That's how simple it is, but you have to take that offer So I don't want you to think about crazy offer and think you're smarter than everyone, because you're not Just take that

08:15 offer, make it simple for you Go out there, work for free for one month Ask on a sales call, hey, can we do a performance deal In the second month if we see you're getting amazing results, you crush it, you love it If I ask you for a performance, for a performance deal If they say yes, cool, you get 

08:31 sidewalked. The second month you get the charge And now if you don't make them any money, good, then you shouldn't have charged them in the first place, because you would have scammed them Ah, f******, this is not nice, and this is burning your reputation from day one So you work for free again, and 

08:51 you tell them, hey, yes, you have risk-aligned to it, because I've never done it before, but I will do my absolutely best, and I have nobody else to focus on than you, because you're my only client, so I have to actually do the stuff properly.

09:01 And I have a name to make to myself, and I don't want to have a bad reputation from day one, so I will do my absolutely best to give you good results Use the same frame I just gave you on the sales call Offer's free, worked, offer's simple, work for free for 30 days Once you have someone who said, agreed

09:18 to that, cool, tell them, hey, can I charge you the second month? Now you already have a paying client if that doesn't work and you don't give him good results either he's gonna keep on giving you like a second chance for a second month because you see you, you, you're getting somehow, half way good 

09:35 results If not, you just go to the next one and do it again Because working for free, people are gonna accept it That's the fastest way, that's the fastest way to get clients I made it, and for me it was within one month I made 16k By charging $400 for 8 leads But I had experience already, right, I would

09:53 have worked for absolutely free If I had no experience, you know, because it was a payment booking So I I still do it now, I launch a new product, right, service, right, and we just work for free The next one I offer the performance basis, so we actually do it, right Now, as of now, right, we help some

10:16 people for free, just to get the proof, just to get the testimonial And, so we don't do it for free, just because we don't do it for money, we don't do it for nothing We do it for the experience, do it for the testimonial, for the case study Because there's two things, a testimonial and a case study,

10:31 which is an actual Facebook ad account with good results, which is crazy valuable to you and to your next clients So, then you can go to the second one, offer performance deal, third one, performance deal And now that you already have a few paying clients, then we will teach you how to make an offer 

10:49 that you can scale on But performance basis, you're always going to be good, right So, use that offer, don't think about it too much If you have more questions, ask them on the coaching call, write down the offer, which I will see over for free for 30 days and bring in qualified leads All you have to

11:07 pay is for your own growth, that's the offer I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you learned it, I hope you wrote it down so you actually have the offer And now you can go take action, it's taking action, if you want to have quick results, this is what you have to do, take action on what is given So, if you

11:28 have any other questions, please let me know and I will see you in the next one you Cheers


0:00 Wait, wait, before you decide to leave us, I want to speak to you, for one second, give me one second, fair?

0:08 Cool, I want to tell you, I do not want you to give up, you decided to leave this community, it's not for me, I don't care too much, it's you, it's you giving up, the moment you decide to stop, you give up, because you told to your brain, oh, that didn't work, so let me stop, instead of trying to keep

0:30 on pushing, and I know you fear the judgements of others, you have been fearing it for months and months, people judging you, you trying to build a business, and now all of that fear comes true, you are giving up, you decide not to continue, instead of keep on pushing it, keep on crushing it, and here's

0:50 the thing, I don't want them to be right, I want you to be right, I want you to win, you have to keep on pushing, because there are people on the community.

1:00 who are having success, with call calling ads, whatever, they are having success, it works, you just have not reached the level of skills you need to become successful, and you can do it, and my job is to help you get there, so I want to give you a one on one call for one hour with myself, so if you're

1:20 thinking about stopping this community, just text me a message, now, Leo, I need to speak to you for one hour, and I will know that you were about to quit and my job is done.

1:30 is to give you a plan, and actual things, and solve the problem, so you don't, don't give up, I don't want you to give up, there's nothing worse in life than giving up, because you will never, ever, in your life, be able to achieve something again, if you give up once, I've never, ever, even one time

1:49 , given up in my life, don't give up, keep on crushing it, try new stuff, change ways you do it, even if you have excuses, oh, I have to school, work uni.

2:00 I had a two, you can keep on grinding, if it's on the weekend, if it's in the evening, if it's the morning, there's always a way to keep on going, and I had to do it for 15 months, and that's the only reason I become successful, because I kept on going, I want you to win, keep crushing it, keep going

2:18 , learn the skills, and you will win, I made it, you can too, let's f****** go, let's do it, join the community, go to the courses, if you have questions, do a post in the community, ask me, and we'll crush it.

2:30 Let's crush it together, if you have not been utilising god level, or if you don't have access to god level, still, then get access to it, get access to the resources, ask for them, and I will give it to you, let's f****** crush it, let's keep going, text me, and we will have a one on one call, schedule

2:46 you, and we will fix the f****** problem so you can keep on crushing it, cool, then, speak to you, see ya.


00:00 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to, uh, another video, and today we're gonna speak about, uh, the beautiful written word, onboarding.

00:13 So, you may ask, okay, you now send a client, or you wanna know what you do when you send a client.

00:19 Now, you have two options. Option number one, can I write with text, it always shows so little, wait. Okay, option number one.

00:33 What you do is you schedule an onboarding call. That's option number one. Option number two is, on the sales call, you say, hey, do you got 30 minutes, or less, so we can get you set up.

00:57 Cool. So, there's a few things we want to have from them. So, what do you need? So, the first thing you would want to do, right, is, so what do you need is onboarding form.

01:18 Because, if you're going to run ads for a company, you need information about the company to be able to create ads, angles, offers, blah, blah, So, let me, I will give you the exact form that we use, and of course, you can make it as, uh, you wish, right, information you need.

01:36 So, you go to Google Forms, uh, it's free if you use a Workspace account, and then you're just going to have best emails to reach you, best business name, uh, website, what's your niche, what's your service, what's your current offer, what's your unique selling proposition you provide, and those social

01:50 links, uh, what brand colors do you have, uh, second, what's your ideal your client's description, how old are they, do they have, do you target owner, do you only target a specific location, if yes, what's their gender, male, female, what's their desire, what gets them out of bed in the morning, what's

02:11 their relationship, uh, like, here you can really ask any question that you think that will help you to create ads and marketing for them, because that's literally the information you want to know, what has led them to work with you, or what's the main driver, what, in which drivers do your service tap

02:28 into most, uh, what's the one person on the market industry your client wants to be most, like, what's the biggest pain, how does your service solve each pain, provide any case studies, provide testimonials, provide us with lead magnets, give us a rundown of achievements, uh, provide competitors' website

02:50 , what are the experts in your niche, what do you cover, what are how it takes, uhm, how it, thanks. Uh, here you can also ask for a website, so, copy this, put in all the information If you want, you just go.

03:01 Uh, here, just create a plus, you ask the question, you can choose multiple, short question, paragraph, they can, you can ask them to upload stuff, or whatever it is, and then you just create that, and then, what you do in a call is just you send them a link, shorten the URL, send them the link, right

03:18 , so that's step number one, onboarding form, done, now, what you wanna do is, uh, get access, you want them, on a call, to, create, uh, business suite, so, I will show you this in incognito, uh, facebook business suite, uh, accept all, so, here, allow cookies, so we'll guide them through that, so you

03:56 wanna get started, so, on this meta business suite, and then it will ask you to login into the one account, so, they usually should have an account, if they don't have one, you just tell them to login, blah, blah, blah, blah, you just ask them to login, and from there on, it's already gonna show you 

04:14 something like that, uh, so, sorry, facebook, my facebook business suite, so, you're gonna show up to something like this, uh, so, in my case, just take this social revolution one, this is what you will show up to, now, they're gonna be less, they're nothing gonna be, uhm, on, they're not gonna be that

04:42 much here, but here's what is super important, you will want, you need a facebook page, an instagram page, or profile, right, and an ad manager, so, the first thing you're gonna do, is, you're gonna go to set, you're going to go to ads manager because you don't have any, you're going to go to settings

05:01 . settings is the first thing you're gonna do, in my case, I have 2FA, whatever the hell, it's a pain in the ass, I just have it, let me just quickly do that, so now inside, now, as you can see here, we have a lot of things inside, you're most likely not gonna have here, so there's two things that are

05:17 gonna be super important, right, so, first thing you need to do, is, you need them to create this account, and what you then wanna do, is, you want to go to, you're gonna land here, right, on the facebook business, This pain in the ass, so you're on the settings, right, you're gonna log into this, after

05:36 you've, ah, like, gone to this, you log in, and then, you're gonna arrive into something like this, facebook, meta business suite, so, you have multiple things, and I want you to explain, ah, explain to you how it works, so you have a business meta suite, where basically it's the, it's the base of the

05:52 base, where everything is, so you're gonna go to settings, and people, and here's where you want them to invite you, so you're gonna press invite, so you guide them through that, and you put You put your email address into a chat, they copy-paste it, so let's say, Leo at Black Storm Realty, I recommend

06:10 you to use the same email address for all the clients, so, then you just press enter, you go next, then, you give access for everything, and you tell them, over under advanced options, here you have finances, and then you tell them, just leave that off, so I don't see your card, I don't see your information

06:28 , just tell them that Additionally, so you show transparency, right? So access to everything, so you can control also the page, so here, there's, if, in my case, you want to select everything, right, the page, uh, with everything for access, add account for access Now, usually with you, there's nothing

06:48 gonna be there, so assets, just collect everything, right, and then you go next, right, and send invitation BOO! You're done.

06:58 Actually that's close to everything that is super important. In your case, you're not gonna have anything here, but that's not a problem, because the moment you have access to the business suite with full access, you will be able to create the add account, for example, you will be able to, uhm, you will

07:17 create the add account with them, right, but you will be able to assign yourself to it and to everything, right, so, close Now that you are as a person, you're gonna get an email with an invitation, all you have to do, accept it, open it, and you're gonna have access.

07:30 Like me, I have access to All kinds of, you can yourself create only two accounts or three accounts, uh, so I have, like, Blackstone Realty and Real Estate Booster, and these are created by other people And with, you know, he has created it, and I have just part, I have just access to it Now what you

07:50 will tell him to do is go to add account, here, and you will tell him to create a new add account So what will happen is that one gonna be pop up and you're gonna turn now open the ads manager, right?

08:02 So this is what first will happen. You're gonna have to add overview So there's, honestly, you'll tell him there's not much you need to do.

08:10 All you have to do is go to billing, payments, right? Now tell him to stop sharing the screen, right? And what you will basically do, you just go to payment methods, and then you just tell him, hey, add a payment method here Please, right?

08:28 And you just tell him just stop sharing your screen for a second Add your payment details there. I cannot see them.

08:34 You, like, it's completely private to you, and that's what's gonna work, right? So as you go add a payment method, this is what will pop up And that's pretty much it.

08:44 Now then you have already, this is so easy You guys always want to know the magic, but the magic you're looking for is the work You're avoiding because this is so super easy, right?

08:54 So like I said, you have the business suite and inside the business suite You have the ad manager and in the ad manager is where you're gonna run ads and all of that All right.

09:02 So that's you have need to get access. You need to create an ad account. Now later, what you want to do, don't do it with them just to save time.

09:10 You want to assign people. So now that you are already part of this account, you can give yourself access to the ad account.

09:20 Important. Now later, you will also want to set up a pixel, right? This is a pixel and you will be able to create that and importantly connect that asset to the ad account, but that's a service delivery and not onboarding.

09:38 So what you want to do is you want to go to account page and here you will tell them, Hey, do you have a Facebook page?

09:44 If you say yes, add an existing page. Great. If no, create a new page. In this case, you just ask them to fill out the stuff, right?

09:54 Confirm it and done. And now, because you have access to it again, you have to assign your self to it because now look at the self-revolution, right?

10:05 It was not made by me, but if you go to Facebook, you can follow me on Facebook. If you want, there's some stuff there.

10:12 Um, you can go to, now I can go into the self-revolution and make it look pretty. Right? So now you can do, Oh, f***, let me fix this quickly.

10:26 Now, all you have to do is you can set up everything in here. can set up the page, all of that.

10:37 Great. Now you want to do the same thing for Instagram. So you go down Instagram account and tell them, Hey, do you have an Instagram account that you use for marketing purposes?

10:45 Right? By the way, they won't get banned. They won't get spammed just running ads from them. Right? As you can see here, I have SMMA.lioferri and here, uh, I please ask you, um, to, if you could quickly grab your phone, go follow me on NotMyPripe, please.

11:02 On smma.lioferri.com. We'd appreciate it so we can grow this channel. Amazing. I love stuff as well there. So you can see some nice stories of us working for you, literally us working for you.

11:17 So, yeah, would appreciate the follow. But basically you tell them to connect their Facebook, Instagram account to that. If not, just tell them again, add account, I agree, so you can claim one.

11:32 This doesn't, so here you can see, you can only claim one. So if they don't have one, just tell them to go to the Instagram, right?

11:39 Go to more, switch accounts, uh, and he just, or you tell him to log out. I don't want to do it honestly, but you tell him to log out and I will f****** do it.

11:51 All for you guys. So now if you can see this, just some sign up, make a new account, put in the information and then what they go is they go back here, click here.

12:03 So you agree to this claim Instagram account and then you can log in and that's how you claim the account.

12:10 Cool. Amazing. Now, literally you have everything you need. Okay. Why is this, can I please log in into my account?

12:26 That'd be highly appreciated. So you got it. Now you have everything you need to run a Facebook ads, everything right from them, because you need just a Facebook account.

12:38 You just need to form. Right. So I'm running from done. Okay. Get on and call them to create, to create a business suite. Done. Now, all you need to do is if possible, they have a website.

12:53 Like I said, you get information and now you'll be able to create calls, create everything. I recommend you having either a WhatsApp chat with them, Slack whatever like platform you use to communicate.

13:04 I always like to have it the easiest possible. In my case, school, you don't need to have a phone with school community, make it on WhatsApp, but with your client, right.

13:11 Um, for example, this client, we just have him inside, um, the, on WhatsApp and give them your calendar booking link, right?

13:23 So you can just use, uh, Google again for that. and then you just make sure. Sympathic. It doesn't work great.

13:36 Uh, so now you got everything set up and now you tell him, Hey, awesome. You have added to cart. You have created.

13:47 So first you get access to the business suite. So, sorry, you create a business suite. You got access to the business suite.

13:53 You make an ad account. You make them add their car to an ad account. You met them at Facebook and Instagram and you're done.

14:01 So you tell them to fill out the form. Send you a message. We can, by the way, send them this over WhatsApp if possible, because it's just the easiest you can do.

14:10 Now you have access to the Instagram account. You have access to everything you need. And from here you can take it on, help them, assign them and create ads for them and start.

14:21 Like I said, basically, you're going to need to assign yourself to it because you don't want them to ask to do it for them.

14:28 You're going to create the data set you're going to create all of that but like I said, that's so silvery, but that's all you need for the onboarding.

14:36 So it can take 10 minutes, it can take 30 minutes, uh, but most importantly, you want to have an ad account with a card assigned to it.

14:44 Cool. I won. Love you. See you in the next one. If you have any questions, put it in the community and I will answer you.

14:51 Cheers.


00:02 So, I wanted to speak about something which has been top of my mind and basically an issue that I felt that everyone of our outreach teams are facing, which is the quality of leads, right.

00:15 my bro just told me that 17 out of 20 people that just now requested the community were from third world countries.

00:26 We do not want to have any third world countries in this community. So, what do I want you to do?

00:38 Which is, before you reach out, to people, you check, you check their profiles. So, you make a right click, open a new tab, and you look at their profile.

00:52 And, here's what I want you to judge. Okay, in this case, he now runs a school committee. Okay, so, he's a coach.

01:01 He's extremely active, which is great. I have entrepreneurs achieve their health and fitness goals by automating the workflows, diet, and mindset so they can have a job, right?

01:18 So, this is a good profile to reach out to when we're looking for coaches because he is extremely active. He is from Denmark.

01:29 So, you can look contributions, how many contributions he made is he online. In this case, he is Does he have a good profile picture, right?

01:39 Have you ever looked into this? Now, let's take another person as an example, right? Yeah, let's take it from another group because this is Right, some of you are reaching out in this community, please stop this community from reaching really shit, right?

02:01 This person, should we reach out to them? If we're reaching out to coaches, yes, but even here, he doesn't even f****** speak English, and I don't even understand a single word he said.

02:18 Now, what I wanna make, try, is, look, Africa, if you reach out to people like this, I'm gonna be so pissed off, because this, ladies and gentlemen, is a shitty lead.

02:30 Nobody needs, we don't need a guy like this in the community. He won't close, we won't make money off it, we won't do it, will decline them, we will not let him in.

02:39 He has been active one time in his entire life. And here's the thing, he is online, but, to promote. So, a person like that, that no activities, from Africa, is not to be racist, it's just we don't need third world country people in the community, because they cannot afford our product, that's what it

03:06 is. They're not online, at all. So, we're gonna decline those people. So, two things I want you to make, is I want you to join me.

03:17 Join groups, where it's actually worth joining them, so the Max Business School, don't reach out on that thing, join the SMA, join actual agency communities, wait, agency community, look at this community for example.

03:37 These has 1.5k members, they are more qualified, to do things, but again, here, because it's a free community, I want you to check the members, okay, this guy is not active, but, We start over social media.

03:57 And we are very excited to get knowledge, good, he hasn't been online that long, but he is paying for a community, so, he is paying for a community, which is related to an agency, so he is paying money, already, 105$ per month, and, he looks real, he looks European, right, so this is a good person to

04:27 reach out to, and I want you to to actually check those leads before you reach out, because it's incredible on how many unqualified people we have in the community.

04:37 Oh, where am I? So, I please ask you, before reaching to a person, check their profile for all those things, and I will show you again on my profile.

04:48 Okay, it's the person. What is he doing? He will usually hear the bio, if it's some form of f****** fake profile.

04:59 Something we also have to be careful. You sometimes reach out to yourself without knowing. So, from now on, what I want you to do, is I want everyone of the every single player, every VA, to edit your profile, go to your bio, and add two points in here.

05:17 Two last points. Two. So, from now on, when you check out the profile and you see two points, you know it's the team, so please don't reach out to your own team.

05:28 It's not really a really useful. Okay, so please add the two points. And, secondly, if it's a motivation quote, like we do, with a fake profile picture, people don't put on fake profile pictures on their own profiles.

05:44 Only fake profiles do so. So check, does it look like a good looking picture, right? That fits in. Or is it some celebrity with a fake name?

05:53 If it's a girl with a, like, man name, then it's also a shit profile and probably fake. So look out for those things.

06:02 It takes you five seconds to screen, two to three seconds just to, okay, look at the bio, look at the people, contribute.

06:09 Okay, I have 1.5k followers, okay, I seem to be honest. I have two communities, so I'm a coach. In this case, if we also reach out to coaches, you could reach out to them.

06:20 Now, you can also see what communities that I am in. So this one is also for agency owners, right? So again, you can see here if you can find good people.

06:33 But I want you to check the people before reaching out to them. Please do so. Because Indian, not interesting. Literally, I can, you can skip most of them.

06:44 DM me to grow your business. Those people don't even reach out to. Thailand, don't even want to reach out to.

06:53 This, you could reach out to, but I banned him so he's not a good lead, right, but that you wouldn't know.

06:58 Let's say this guy. My name is, I'm the founder of a passionate team. Feel free to contact. From India, not a good lead.

07:10 look, he hasn't been active a single time, so he's probably also promoting stuff and we don't want him, having him.

07:23 And then again, all you do is you click on his profile. Okay. Is running an agency, uh, agency community, right?

07:40 So you have, frankly speaking, you could reach out to him, even though he's most likely going to promote. But what I want you to do is check out the people before joining.

07:51 Before reaching out to them. You're missing out. This year, reach out to half of the people. But if the people are qualified, half of them are going to join.

07:58 So it makes sense because your conversion rates are going to increase. And let me just show you in a document.

08:14 Okay, let me show you. So let's say this is the people you reach out to, so DMs. And the first example, you're not going to qualify, so you're going to send 500.

08:23 In another example, you're going to send 250. And now, 10% of them, like, 10% of them reply, right? Or, let's say, in both cases, let's say, we're going to just make it easier, right?

08:37 So, 5,000 people versus 2,500, right? In a moment. Now, let's say 10% of them reply, right? So, here you have 500.

08:49 Here, you have 250. Oh, if I would do the math correctly. Now, in this example, only 10% of the people who reply, 10% of them are actually qualified.

09:01 So, let's say, maybe, let's say, half of them, right? So, 50% requests to join a community. Here again, 125. But now, we can only accept 10% of them in the community.

09:16 So, we're gonna let in 25 people. Here, let's say, we can accept 50%, right? Or 45%. So, times, uh, 50.

09:48 At 40%, or 40%, you have just doubled, closely doubled the amount of people that join the community, from half to outreach.

09:57 Just because this matrix, here, which is, to apply, to join, to actually accept it, is going to be that much higher.

10:17 So in the end, you have 50 people who join, and that's a fact. F****** better result than 25, because, and here's why, because, shit people, we don't accept the community.

10:33 Like my brother had to decline 17 out of 20, because we don't need them. So check the location, check the activeness, check the back, are there any other agency groups, do they have some weird profile picture, do they have a real bio, and every one of you, please, add to your profile, go to your, every

10:52 single one of you reach out account, add your points to it, so we know who is who. See ya.


0:00 As promised, I will give you feedback on your presentation now. I don't have access to you, uh, camera account, so I will just review it here.

0:08 So, by the way, it's the first time looking at it, so it will be improved. Now, secure a constant stream of booking and loyal clients.

0:15 Uh, I absolutely love the image, like, it's super clean. Uh, is that bookings what they're looking for? Or, a constant stream of new clients and sticky clients?

0:27 Might sound better, loyal, sticky clients. Uh, but bookings, like, do they care about bookings? Or is it more about security?

0:32 Secure a constant stream of new customers, new, I don't know if you work with pet hotels, pet stores, uhm, secure a new constant stream of, uh, secure a constant stream of new, that's especially getting them new customers, and loyal customers, right?

0:48 Maybe a bit better of a way that you can do that. Why should you care about marketing? Point one, amplifies the reach to pet owners effectively, seeking tru- trustworthy boarding op- uh, options.

1:02 I don't know what too much is meant by that, uhm. Amplifies the reach to pet owners effectively, seeking trustworthy boarding options.

1:12 Uh, I don't know what exactly you do, so that can be maybe what you do, right? Uh, position you as a reliable top-of-mind choice in the competitive market.

1:22 Make it more personalized, right? Top-of-the-mi- top-of-the-mind choice in the pet store mar- competitive market, right? Make it more personalized. Uh, because here's the thing, the pain points needs to be specific to pet store owners, right?

1:36 Or pet store balling company, like, you see what I mean? It's pet store owners who are confident leaving their pets in your care.

1:47 That's great. Uhm. This, I would say, is more of a, it's, it's personalized.

1:59 So in this case, you did it well. So the personalization is well. Do pet store owners feel confident leaving their pets in your care?

2:06 Uh, I would just explain the insuring. It's like, uhm, by marketing, make sure, uh, they see upfront more information about your business and they can trust leaving the pet store with you.

2:22 Right? So either you make it, offer the solution, or you speak more about the pain. Uh, so meaning, the problem, why should you care about marketing?

2:32 Meaning, most pet store owners have problems making pet owners feel confident about leaving their pets. You see, like, use a negative form of it, uh, position you as reliable, top of mind choice in a competitive market.

2:48 Uh, here you can say, this is not bad. Just make it more personalized. And, uh, you reach having issues, reach new pets owners to be able to grow the business and be able to sustain the business in the first place.

3:03 For example, my pain points, uh, in this case, you wouldn't call it more pain points. You please change, change that to more problems.

3:10 Uh, targeting campaigns. Targeting campaigns help you feel sparse during low seasons. Great. That's a problem. Amazing. Just put that around and call it because here's the thing.

3:24 You want to use this presentation. So it needs to be really good. Uh, selling with presentation is always better. Uh, targeting campaigns.

3:32 I would just call it. Pets, uh, like pets, uhm, sorry, salon, like pet salons, owners or whatever the hell, um, hotel owners struggle to fill spots during low seasons, maintaining a steady revenue around the year.

3:49 That's perfect problem, problem. So make it as a problem, not as a solution. State the problem, right? That's why they hear more pain points.

3:57 Why should they care? Because of those problems. Besides only the most important benefit, business money, Which consider, with consistency you can optimize.

4:13 Staffing and resources leading to a smooth operation, better experience for both paths and their owners, and for yourself, right? True.

4:19 Good. Uh, scalability, uh, demands growth, you can invest in expanding your services, raise prices, or even augment communications. Amazing. Uh, social media ads allow you to precise targeting, cost-effects, I would say.

4:33 Social media allows you to, uh, precise target, meaning you spend less to reach pet owners actively. Uh, it helps you reach clients easier.

4:43 Like marketing, and you can say, hey, cost-effect ads, social media ads allow you to get clients cheaper and more often.

4:53 Right. That's in terms of a benefit, right? So that's why you have to here to state the actual problems, not just like what is the solution?

5:03 Because now you have shown them the actual step targeting ads. And here, please change the names to actually what is demanded.

5:14 Uh, so it's like, don't call it step one, call it a bit more professional like, uh, pet looking, right? Or how do you say, um, going on a walk with a dog?

5:27 I don't know how you call it, uh, in, in English, but basically you see what I mean? And basically make this personalized.

5:33 This, this lines, right? I X, I changed the steps because he is already step five. So you don't need to have step five here, change it to, uh, something cuddling the pets, for example, right?

5:45 You want to have some relationship that, you know, the industry, right here, this firstly, this is. Don't put in a f****** message of LGBT in here.

6:05 This is just an overview, breakdown of the most important points. This is not in a f****** good order, like, it looks messy.

6:12 Leads, uh. Leads form, LVA, direct message, here you basically wanna say.

6:33 Why, what, for them it would look like, right, so this one is not bad, uh, for example, learn more, lead form, it's so crazy because you have to, you see, you have to see it from the customer point, not from you, from your pets, like from the guys you're working with.

6:53 I don't even know who you're working with, I can't even read it from the presentation. This is the most important thing, how do they view it?

7:00 Learn more, book more, they don't give a shit. But here it says, get the information so you can then send them more things, uhm, or, get the information so you can then send them follow up messages and hear them.

7:13 Follow up messages, you just mentioned, for example, uh, sending them, uh, sending them welcomes, like, more information, things like that, right?

7:24 Don't need to give an example, uh, then you can, booking confirmation is like, wow, your dog can finally stay with us, right?

7:32 Or, getting more dogs. Because, this is, here's the thing, this is the words you understand, this wants. This has to be the words they understand, this have to be the words they understand.

7:45 The world, meaning, what is a post, a message, right? Getting love and reviews. Reviews from the pet owners, that they want to stay longer, and bring referrals, for example.

7:58 So, you see, basically, this is, you showcase the steps into benefits, here. What are the benefits in their language? Weekly calls, uh, review campaign performance and quality driven.

8:11 Allows us to stay aligned on goals, address any challenges, and share campaigns that are optimized. Great, uhm, that's okay.

8:30 This is an amazing, this is an amazing slide. Everyone has to be like, every site has to be like this, and why?

8:36 Because this is the f****** goal. And this is how we transform interested into low-impaired clients. Blah, blah, blah, great. Uh, campaign budget.

8:47 Allocate direct to the ad spend on a platform like Meta and Google to ensure maximum reaching. To achieve meaningful results, we recommend a monthly budget of $700.

8:58 This allows you for an average monthly retainer fee. What is your fee? If either you start working for free to get proof that you know what to do, and then you add a slide letting you to do it and then you can charge or if you already want to charge, then you have to state it here.

9:22 And I wouldn't call it campaign budget. I would call it advertising budget. And not budget. I would call it investment.

9:29 Budget is always a negative thing. So I hope I can help you with this presentation, please. Uh, make a second version of it, make it better, uh, and post it under the post because we want everyone to benefit from.

9:42 It's because, like, I'm really crazy, like, not disappointed, shocked by how many people, not you specifically, uh, how many people are not capable of creating good campaigns, uh, good, good, good presentations.

9:54 So, uh, hope you can learn from it and, uh, let's make it better.


0:00 Hello, hello, Landon. Hope you're doing amazing. You as well. Have an amazing weekend. And, I was thinking, okay, how can I help you, uh, in terms of, yeah, trying to make even more progress, right?

0:13 Because I always tell you how amazing you are, which is the case, right? Uh, though I think I want to also give you some building critiques.

0:20 Right? And how we can make things a bit better. Right? Uh, and that's why I just wanted to give you a bit of my, like, if not feedback, but like what I had in mind.

0:32 Uh, I showed to you what Alex was basically doing. Uh, Alex Homozi was saying, so I hope you watch that.

0:38 Uh, it's like 50, 40 minutes, but it's actually very short. He was basically saying that a lot, like the open rate does not matter too much because it's quite hard to track with iPhone.

0:47 Um, then on the other side, what is truly important, of course, is like, uh, click rate. And here, I think we need, of course, a lot of people coming soon.

0:59 So that's good. Right. Um, that a lot of people are going to come soon to that email because to get people pitching, because it's like, it's a pitch and that's why I wouldn't, here's the thing, right.

1:09 Uh, when you went through it, firstly, uh, about the subject line, I've done email marketing before, like I had extremely good, like open rate.

1:17 I don't know why, if I actually find my instantly account. Uh, I will see what I did, but it's like, uh, it was more of like catchy, you know?

1:26 It's like, what I'm trying to say is that when I look at my inbox, look at my my inbox, not even a day, right?

1:36 Not even a day. So when I see through all of that, right? Nothing pops up. Like, I don't even like I just watch it like this, right? I guess you're not stupid.

1:49 So I know you do. I'm not saying, right. Firstly, to show you. Shorter, always the better. And I just do this.

1:55 So it marks it red because I always do this, right? But I never read them. And for me, also short ones always be more catchy because, like, you see all of the ones have, like, this mid-range, right, size.

2:11 If you're like, it's all over. You see, it's way, way more catchy, uh, in terms of attractiveness to even open them.

2:19 Because the only reason you want to have, like, a good subject line is not what it is regarding. It's just to get people to open it in the first place.

2:26 Then first sentence is to get them to read the second one and so on and so forth, right? I think you get the principle, right?

2:33 And I would do it, like, more catchy, right? And final, I don't like final as well, because then, like, basically, if we then send them later on emails, it doesn't make it that, well, uhm, because they're all going to be like, I thought it was the last one, right?

2:48 Uh, so, I wrote the script. Uh, I don't know, like, if David gives you feedback on how to make it, if you want to make it all big, if capital letters like this, uh, sorry, like, big, or do you want to make it, uh, I mean, bold or not, more space or not, I don't, I don't know, uh, the only thing that 

3:08 I noticed to it is a bit of the offer, right, which is. I didn't like too much of how it was framed, uh, the offer, because, especially, like, that's, this email is especially important when pitching them, right, because I spoke to my contacts at GoLevel, it's not really the case, and basically we gave

3:28 them GoLevel for free, so, uh, for that, I would actually, uh, recommend it. Like, recommend to you, going into the off-premium community, about page, and literally seeing, okay, here's what we actually offer, GoLevel with service delivery snapshots, right, until here, uhm, blah, blah, blah, this is 

3:49 what we actually offer, and, honestly, there is, of course, more to come for this. Uhm, we offer, and, like, of course, we might need to speak about this on a call, but the actual, uhm, December offer, we are working to build up, right now.

4:04 Uh, so, that's going to be done soon, but basically, as of now, I do not, I like to GoLevel frame, uh, the one David also mentioned, I also have for VSL, which is good, but the way it's written is very, eh, I don't like it too much, honestly, uhm, so, I would maybe see this premium webinars calls, I 

4:25 would just say coaching calls, premium, like, coaching calls, uhm, and advanced calls, I mean, we might have to be a bit more, uh, specific there, uh, I'm just looking if I have access to the offer, yeah, the same offer, right, so, you can also have a look from this, but this is not finished Yeah, but

4:46 this is literally what basically is going to be included, and I know it's kind of hard because there are two things, like, about the general email, all of it, where we may need to make slight progress, I believe, is in terms of the tone, right, I have a specific way of speaking, uh, which I know is really

5:04 hard to mimic. But the closer you can mimic as if it would be me texting it, like, the way I speak, the way I am, makes it, like, people more trustworthy and trustable, right.

5:16 And secondly, uh, exactly what I would like to offer, that we actually speak to agency to be honest, right? Because that fact, it doesn't really, appeal to agency owners, right?

5:28 Uh, how business owners, how agency owners, right? That's exactly who we're targeting to, so we have to be, I don't know if you even knew that we only target agency owners for now.

5:37 Uhm, that we have to be really, like, I don't know if right now in the email there's the word agency.

5:43 Uhm, yeah. Uh, a few times at least. Uh, great. That's good. Uh, but yeah, you know what I mean? Also, like, especially in terms of the offer, what do they care about?

5:55 Do they care about network, courses, or being in-depth, right? Ah, yeah, here it's like, not really at any agency owner is looking for team communication.

6:06 Uh, in the beginning, client service portals, right? That's not a beautiful word, right? I'm just giving you a harsh criticism.

6:13 It's not to take it anything personal. Absolutely love what you're doing. It's that we can actually try to make it better, right?

6:19 It's just like, if I always just tell you it's great, then we cannot improve. Uh, and we can always improve.

6:24 There's like, this should just always offer, we approve already 10 times. So it's like, there is no, like, there is no perfect thing.

6:31 Uh, so yeah, that's like in this specific email. Uh, I don't like it too much, I must say, because it just doesn't appeal to the actual offer and to the paying points of agency owners.

6:43 So, of course, I don't know how aware you are with agency owners, um, but really try to make it personalized to them, to their fears, problems, because they, most of them don't get in depth, right?

6:55 Most of them end having to give up because not being able to cover costs, for example, but that would be more appealing to them, right?

7:04 So make it appealing to the industry. And, uh, actually like pinpoint the actual things from the offer, because like we just give them God over for free.

7:12 Right? So that's the last, that's just the last one I would fix, especially before we get too many people jumping into, um, the other ones I absolutely love.

7:23 And, uh, we of course don't want to burn it. And the first one is, uh, quite nice with a 4% reply rate.

7:29 I guess the people are just, um, why are they replying in the first place? I don't even know what they're replying.

7:35 Oh yeah, could I ask you to ensure this resource doesn't end in spam? Cool. So we get 4% who do it.

7:42 That's great. That means the people are engaging into it. So that's amazing. Like I said, the optimates are actually quite hard to track.

7:47 So really the important thing when I, like, Lucio, I think if you watch AurelionX, what he's saying, the most important thing we can track is actually our click, right?

7:55 The click through rate. Um, so yeah, I hope you can start something with the feedback. You guys will enjoy your weekend.

8:00 I'm going to be working, um, the weekend, probably less today, but, uh, more on the weekend. So yeah, if you need anything, just text me and we can also hop in a call maybe on Sunday or something like that.

8:09 Cool. Have a good one.


0:01 What 730 days as an agency owner have taught me till this day and I want to show you a bit of what it actually is to be an agency owner for a longer period of time because if that's what you're getting into right now, if you've already been to the agency space for three months, six months, one year, 

0:16 you're going to be able to relate that to some of the things and you can expect some of the things.

0:20 Things from the future. So point number one, as you can imagine, it's harder than you think, right? I came in with the expectation to send my first grand after three months, make 5k after six months and to make 10k after 12 months.

0:34 None of that all happened. I didn't make a single f****** dollar of my first 12 months till March. Well, I pulled a year after that.

0:42 So after 14, 15 months, I made 16k in one single month. I was mind blown. I was like, what the hell?

0:52 It was just crazy, right? And the time before me actually making the first money, that's why I want to speak about this point is it was crazy.

1:00 I was It was just suffering. I was going to school. I was having a job. I was having pain. I paid $10,000 for a coaching program.

1:11 I had four hours of day of coaching. So six hours of school, three to four hours of a job, four hours of coaching class, 14 hours.

1:19 And on top of that, I was running my own agency. So I was, I was awake and working 18 hours a day, zero socializing.

1:26 I didn't even have time for socializing, zero things with friends, zero. The only thing I was doing is gym and work, gym, work, gym, work, sleep.

1:37 I was literally sleeping five to five hours, sorry, five to five hours per day with being young, right? Completely f***** my health, was completely coffee addictive.

1:50 And I think some of you can really relate to this. It's the toughest time with starting a business, but it's actually what I believe is the reason why I succeeded.

1:59 Because what I'm doing right now, I'm full-time into my business, uh, it's what I'm also going to speak into later, how it is right now for me, but the beginning is tough.

2:11 There is no shortcut. There is actually just doing, learning, applying, learning, applying, learning, applying, and that's it. That's how you become successful.

2:17 Learning and applying. Nothing more. Because you don't have the skill sets you have to learn. I literally had zero skill sets.

2:23 I had to learn everything from scratch. I didn't have any f****** money because I was reinvesting 100% of the money.

2:29 Didn't have any money. Couldn't even afford anything. Uh, literally didn't went out eating or things. Didn't bought, I didn't bought like clothes for one year, right?

2:41 And I came from a normal average family, so luckily I had some of the support of my parents just to be able to have food.

2:49 But nothing I purchased for fun. Nothing. Just work, work, work, work. Then it was work, work, and then it was work, work.

2:57 For 15 months. And, Honestly, the results are 10 times what you are imagining right now. That was for me. When I made my first 16k one month, I just started eating whatever the f*** I wanted.

3:15 And that might be a bad habit, because you take weight, but I was able to buy quality food. I was thirsty, I just went buying food, right.

3:25 I wanted to have some meat, I bought meat. I went to beautiful restaurants, and I was able to, literally, the first freedom that I gained, was freedom to buy whatever food I wanted, right.

3:37 And now it sounds stupid to you, I don't look at that. When I go buy food, I didn't look at bills.

3:47 And that was after my third month, I was like, wow, this is crazy. And now imagine if you make so much money, like Andrew Tate, you just buy cars, and you don't give a shit about your car.

3:57 Like you buy 62 cars. Andrew Tate. The results are 10 times greater than what you think it is, because it gives you a feeling of self-confidence, self-esteem, and it gives you just the freedom, right?

4:10 I was actually just, oh, cool, I want a new, I bought a new motorcycle just because my other one broke down.

4:16 I was like, cool, now I can buy one. Instead of having me to slave away, uh, how much am I going to for it?

4:22 It was 3k or something, something to 3k. And I would have had to slave away 300 hours just to buy that shit, right?

4:33 It took me one sales call. I was like, wow, okay, that's crazy. So the results are 10 times greater than you think it is.

4:40 It's just amazing. And, uh, another big point is you're going to find joy in new things, which you thought I found some ridiculous before.

4:48 F*** this spelling, which is I actually enjoy speaking to my team. That's actually one of the greatest things I like to do with my business is just manage people.

4:57 I don't know why I love to manage people. I've started my business in the first year. I was only having 20 employees right now.

5:03 I have 60 employees. Uh, it's just amazing because they love it. That's I find passionate and before I would have hated it, right?

5:11 To have responsibility, a big thing, which you're also going to like and learn is you love responsibility because you take the actions and you take the decision.

5:20 No one tells you what to do. And that's what that's one of the big, most beautiful things that I can experience.

5:25 It's just, I do whatever the f*** I want. I don't let me, I'm not accepting anyone telling me what I have to do.

5:33 And that is absolutely ridiculous. And it's crazy how much joy you find in that and also how much joy you will find in work.

5:43 I work most of the day, I just work, right? Now, literally I'm full time into my business. I work all day and enjoy it.

5:51 I enjoy it. I don't feel bad about it. I don't feel I have to do it. I just do it.

5:56 I have 15 tabs open that I all have to do things, but I enjoy doing them. I won't feel bad after the day that I'm I didn't do it.

6:02 I felt productive, which is exactly what I want to feel. And one of the biggest point as well is I became a better person also socially, even though I was making no social lies for over one and a half years.

6:19 It's because when I came back, I was a better person because I wasn't affected by people being emotionally. I found a girlfriend and I don't, if she is emotionally, I don't care because I know it's just emotions, but I learned self-control, learning to control my emotions and things like that, which 

6:39 made me a better human being, better understanding of people. Psychology of people, right? So I know how to treat people better because in business you have to be very careful how you speak and treat people.

6:50 And I became more competent because now I had things I can speak about where I know stuff, right? Where I have expertise regarding making money, which is quite useful to connecting and becoming able to network with other individuals that do the same thing as you.

7:07 And that way I was also capable of now having friends and people I speak to that are related to business, right?

7:14 Having friends that are in business. Before, I was actually the only one. So right now it's a lonely chapter. But the moment you become successful, you make 10k plus, 30k, 100k, you network with other people who do the same things.

7:36 So there's a lot of joy coming from it. So it's just continuing. It's just not giving up. That will give you those results.

7:42 Because you have to earn it. It's just how it is. You have to become better as a person. That's just how it is.

7:47 You have to be more competent. To be more competent, you have to become more competent. And that's the beautiful thing in it.

7:55 Because once you are, there's joy to it. So, honestly. I could just tell, don't give up. It's one of the most beautiful things you can do.

8:07 It's just have an online business. Have the freedom you're looking for. I have absolute time freedom. Of wherever the hell I want.

8:14 I have location freedom. And, it's just amazing. And, I'm gonna, I have joy in what I do. I have joy.

8:23 I have I have a mission. I have a purpose in life. And, that's absolutely beautiful. And, it all started with tough times.

8:32 So, go through those times. Make it work. And, see you soon. See you in the next one. Cheers.


0:00 When I started my marketing agency, I started with a lot of wrong beliefs and in this video I just want to show you what mindset shifts I had to do and I will show you the exact five biggest ones that I believe are also going to be helping you to not only succeed with your agency and prevent others from

0:17 stopping and giving up. So let's get into point number one. No one is coming to save you. I'm a hundred percent sure you hear that a million times from a million different kinds of people and you don't take it serious.

0:27 And the number one reason why people fail is because they give up, right? It's 70% of businesses fails. It's not the first f****** business.

0:41 It's 70% of people that fail and no one is coming to save you. Meaning no one, no one will feel bad if you decided to give up.

0:54 So you have to make it happen. You have to give a hundred percent. And when you realize that not a mentor, a mentor's job is to help you.

1:04 But if you don't do your course, if you don't do your outreach, if you don't put in the hours, the efforts, no one will save you.

1:13 Secondly, no one cares about you, so you shouldn't care. What do I mean by that? When I started everyone else to fear of best being judged.

1:25 You know what I mean? The problem is if you don't overcome this fear.

1:41 Or understand this lesson, which is all mindset, and you have to make this mindset shift if you want to get to 10k from zero to 10k.

1:49 The biggest difference is just the person you are. You're a completely different person at 10k that you are at zero.

1:55 I can tell you because it happened to me, right? I had to change so many things how I view life, how I view things, how I view people.

2:03 And one of those things was no one cares about me. When I speak with people, I know they just care about themselves.

2:11 When they ask me how I'm doing, all they're waiting for is that I ask them how they are doing back, right?

2:17 The only people who will maybe care for you is your parents and your siblings and even your family. They have better self-interest than you.

2:23 Everyone on this planet, your business partners, your friends have self-interest. We are all egoistic human beings. I want to say the opposite is lying.

2:35 The only way they, for example, doing some eco-friendly shit, right, is because it makes them feel good. Right? Or, for example, if they, uh, do some voluntary work, it's because it makes them feel good.

2:51 Helpful. That's the only reason they do it. Because no other reason why they should do it. Because it's just for themself.

3:01 Nobody cares about you. At least you're no one. Even if I, for example, you're meant to teach you things. I don't, like, if you decide to give up, like point number one, I will not come to your door and slap you.

3:14 I'll be so just purely disappointed in you. And you should be too. So, when coming, for example, in regards to fear of being judged, I don't give a shit anymore.

3:24 That was one of the biggest mind shifts I had to do, right? Which is, I don't care if you like me or not.

3:30 I don't care if you complain that I'm sitting in a hoodie on a call, on a sales call. I don't care.

3:36 Because it's not going to change anything about the call. And why should I care? Because you only care about yourself.

3:42 Understand that. Everyone cares only about themself. So you can do whatever the f*** you want. If you unlearn that lesson, and I'm trying to get it into your head, you will have freedom.

3:54 You will have mind freedom. Because you don't have to match up to social expectations. You do not have to. You do have to go to uni.

4:02 You do not have to study. You do not have to get a job. And spend 40 years doing the exact same rat race that everyone is doing.

4:11 Because in the end, they only care about themselves. So, why should you care about social norms? Next point. You have to accept being lonely and losing friends to become accepted.

4:22 Being exceptional, the word itself says that you're different from anyone else. Exceptional means you're not like everyone. And when you want to be part of the 1% earners, making the most amount of money, you have to quit being all of your friends right now.

4:44 If you're making $0, $3, $3,000 per month, it doesn't matter. If you hang out with the people who don't make any money, how should they help you make more money?

4:57 They won't, they won't, they will just distract you, right? They will have bad influence. You have probably hit it a million times, which is, you are the people you surround yourself with, you are the 5 people you surround yourself with, most of the time.

5:10 So, you're gonna be lonely, you're gonna have to cut friends. If you like them, even if they're cool, you can see them once a month, if it's like your best friend, that's it.

5:20 But that's called social life. If you wanna do socializing, right, great, then you're f****** exceptional, because everyone has the time to do it.

5:28 If you wanna be exceptional, you have to do what no one else is doing, which is working a lot. That's just how it is, especially in the beginning, I was working so much, right, even now, I do work a lot.

5:41 You have not to be workaholic, but, look at entertainment, look at everyone who is big, they work a lot. Because that's what makes them exceptional, because most people don't enjoy work, I enjoy work.

5:52 That's what makes me exceptional. And you gotta understand, you're gonna lose friends, because friends are not the friends you will make at 10k.

6:02 I'm gonna you the friends I made today are completely different than where I came from originally, from school, uh, the education system, from people you meet at the football club or whatever the hell.

6:14 These are maybe friends, but you don't have time to spend with them, so you gotta be lonely, you gotta sit in front of a screen, try to make it work.

6:22 That's just how it is, and if you accept that, great, more less and more, you're every single of them listen, if you don't fully grasp it, until you have not grasped it, you will not make money, that's just because you have to make a mindset shift, and I have to do a personality shift.

6:38 Next step, people are only rooting for you as long as you don't get better than them. Very simple psychology rule, which is, when people are rooting for you, you will notice when people stop rooting for you, right, when people tell you to give up, this is when you are literally 1% away from making it

6:56 , that's when people are going to stop rooting for you, so understand the lesson, it's small, but it's very key, right, when your own family starts, starts losing beliefs in you, or stops supporting you, it's because internally, we humans have problems with status, and we want others to be great, but

7:28 not better than us, because we want to be the better person, and if you understand that lesson as well, then understand that people are just, again, caring for themselves, and they're going to root for you, I mean family and friends, as long as you don't get better for you.

7:49 Here's the thing, friends, if you have friends that root for you, yeah, you're going to make it work, the moment they feel like you're about to make it work, they will stop rooting for you.

7:56 And that's a lot when people stop, because they feel like, yeah, you're right, I tried for six months, didn't work.

8:01 That's exactly what needs to happen. So don't give up. And last but not least, it's day by day. Giving up is the greatest value you can make.

8:13 Failure is giving up. Every other failure, for example, if you don't book a sales call that day, it's experience. Failure is failure, should mean learning.

8:32 The only real failure there is, is giving up. Because no one, no one learns from giving up. You gave up.

8:42 And the best way to see it, and to keep on pushing, is day by day, day by day, and step by step.

9:03 And I want to give you an example of my life, which is, yesterday, I was speaking with my partner, right, and we were doing some micro stuff, we were creating new offers, and I actually got excited, I was like, wait, why?

9:17 Because I saw, everyone is looking for the big thing, which is going to make the most amount of money, but money is actually made by a lot of little things, having the perfect offer, having the perfect script, having this, having this, having this, having this, having this, there is no magic, the magic

9:36 you are looking for is the work you are avoiding, get understand that so it's step by step day by day, and if you follow that, you will become successful, hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next one, cheers.


0:00 When I started my marketing agency, I was doing a lot of things and it took me 15 months, so one and a half years, to make this mindset shift that basically changed everything how I see, today, business and life.

0:14 Which is, honestly I could just name a hundred thousand ones, so.


00:00 The number one reason why people give up in business is because they do not achieve the goal they put themselves to, because they do not succeed.

00:09 And the reason they do not succeed is because they've put the wrong goals in the wrong timeline, and that's what we're going to cover today.

00:15 So, how to set goals to become wealthy. First, I want you to realize when you're starting out any kind of business, you actually have no metric to build a goal from.

00:34 So, there are two strategies I want to show you today, which is reverse engineering from level to what the actual steps you have to do.

00:43 And the second thing I want to cover is that the way you set goals is absolutely f****** wrong. Because you don't, you have not become wealthy before, so how do you know how to get wealthy?

00:56 You don't. So, two things. First, Timeline. And secondly, let's say amount of money, right? Of money or slash goal. So I will give you one example.

01:14 If you have never gone to the gym or if you go to the gym and you know a friend of you who wants to get started in the gym.

01:20 I in the next video. Bye bye. I want have an abs, uh, like I want to have abs or six pack in six, six days or in three weeks.

01:27 You're going to tell me, sorry, but this is not possible. Now it gets, it goes against physics. Even if you train every single day, you do a lead cut, right?

01:37 In six days, not really. Someone can have a six pack. But you know it. Why? Because you actually have done it before.

01:45 So you know the metrics or what it takes to become fit, to get abs, to get a six pack. You know them, but now for business, do you know what you have to do to go to $1,000,000?

02:05 The reason why you're not at $1,000,000 per year, per month is very simple, but it's because you just don't know how to do it.

02:13 That's just how easy it is. We all play. If you make right now, 50k per year, right? And when you want to make one million per year, you pay $950,000 of debt to yourself, not knowing how to make a million dollars.

02:35 So if you think that firstly inaction is not, has no cost, sorry, it costs exactly that. of not knowing how to make a million.

02:43 Now to get back to the goals thing, how do you want to put a goal on how to make a million dollars if you don't know how to do it?

02:50 Because this is the money you don't know how to generate. You don't know how to generate that money. If you're starting a business you make zero.

02:59 So how should you know how to make 10k? Have any one of you think? How? Has any one of you done it before?

03:19 If you haven't done it before, I would love to show you what it actually is. Because if you want to make 10k in your bank, I will introduce you to metrics that you didn't know to this date.

03:32 And it's not going to make it beautiful. It's going to, I'm going to break your heart, but I'm going to bring it back to reality in the hope that less people are going to quit business because they're set the wrong expectations and wrong goals.

03:43 So let me explain. If you want to make 10k in the bank, especially in the beginning, if you're smart, you're going to reinvest 100% of your money into your business.

03:55 Now, if you want to pay yourself out because you have bills, you want to make money, I can already tell you there's a difference between making 10k in revenue versus profit.

04:13 People don't understand that. I want to make 10k because we're a good lifestyle with 10k profit in the bank. You can make a good living now with 10k revenue.

04:29 I'm going to explain to you what happens if you have teams, if you have to pay for service delivery, which usually is the case, especially when you start a business in good health.

04:38 In good cases, you have 50% margins, in bad cases, in the case which I was, it was 80% cost. So my profit was in the end, 2k profit from a 16k month.

04:59 So it was even lower than 50, it was lower than 80% because I had to pay client acquisition. Right? My client acquisition was extremely, sorry, my service area is extremely expensive as well.

05:11 Now when you're starting out, if you have 50%, that would mean you would make 5k profit. Follow me. So now you're 5k.

05:23 Now, if you tell me you want to make 10k, what do you have to do? You 2x that. So now if we said you make 50% So 10k revenue But you have to 2x it.

05:41 How much does it make? Now you have to make 20k per month To get 10k profit At 50% profit margin at 50% now if you tell me you're super super smart and you know how to do service delivery, let's break it down further.

06:02 So now, firstly, I hope the I broke your belief that 10k in the bank takes a f****** more work than just making like closing, uh, four clients at 2.5k.

06:14 So if that's you believe, I'm so sorry, but literally that's what you're going to fail with marketing anyway. It's just your, any kind of auto business you're trying to build, right?

06:21 So let me explain now, if you want to go further, if you want to be f*****, let's say the 10k profit, you actually make 10k profit, right?

06:34 In your bank. Now there's something called tax, right? If you're in Germany or any country in Europe or in the U.S., you get paid, you have to pay between 40 and 50 or even 60% taxes.

06:50 So how much are you right now? Again, you have to weigh the amount of money. Now, if you tell me, yeah, I'm going to register my company in Estonia and Dubai and things like that.

07:05 When you're starting out, you're not f****** Dubai. So this is just to show you, no matter if you go to other countries to pay less taxes or pay non-tax, you still have to set up the company.

07:17 So again, you get costs. Right? So let's say you pay personal taxes, right? Because we speak of personal taxes, personal taxes, you pay there where you live, right?

07:27 Let's say if you live in Germany, like me, you pay on the company. My company is registered in the UK, so I don't pay that much company tax, even though I'm moving that out of the way.

07:37 I still pay. German personal tax, which is about 50%. Now that makes, I mean, 5k.

07:49 Now, we not only again have to do the same process, not two x's, times it by two again. So how much are we paying?

07:58 Right now, if you actually want to make 10k in your bank, this is about what you have to make. I would say if you're really good, you can make 20, between 20 and 40k per month to make 10k.

08:18 And why can I tell you this? Because it is my case. You don't have any metrics. If you follow the metrics of just saying, ooh, I'm just going to sign four clients at $5,000.

08:30 Uh, sorry, I'm just going to send two clients in $5,000 or five clients, sorry, times 2k, I'm going to be at 10k.

08:39 Welcome to f****** reality. You need that amount of money, right? 40k, so now we don't speak of five clients anymore.

08:51 We speak of 20 clients. Now, tell me you're not getting 20 clients is a bit harder than getting one client or getting five.

09:02 So what, what am I trying to tell you? I'm trying to tell you that if you put an expectation, I want to make 10k in six months or even 5k.

09:13 It doesn't really matter. Do you, I hope you do realize that making, getting 20 clients in six months with zero skills is absolutely impossible.

09:27 It is impossible. So the second thing I wanted to speak about, right, is timeline. It takes between 12 and 36 seconds.

09:39 Months. To reach. That is actually a realistic timeframe. It took me. It took me 15 months. So now tell me you're not.

10:04 I'm not a genius. I'm not a Jedi. I don't know anything special. I just keep on pushing for 15 months, and that's the reason why I made 10k per month.

10:15 So what I'm trying to tell you is because your goal is to make 10k in 6 months, you're not going to achieve it.

10:33 Guess what? We'll give up. Exactly because of that. So honestly, put realistics in your expectation. Put yourself 12 to 36 months to make 10k revenue.

10:54 That is a realistic goal. And now I want to speak about the second thing, which is if you're already at 10k.

10:59 Which is now that you already know how to get clients, you can calculate your cash, which is cost per acquisition.

11:19 How much do you pay to get a client? Right? How much time does it take you? Right? Then you can, for example, not only have metrics like conversions, right?

11:33 How many messages do I need to send to get appointments? Right? There's so many metrics you can calculate. You can here, right?

11:41 Conversion, how many messages do I need to send? To get X replies, so, Y messages to get X replies, let me add replies so it makes sense, submitted, that booking, to close, X, Y, Z.

12:16 And when you have those metrics, now, you can say, okay, if I close, let's say, a, a 3K, right, upfront, and you want to add, let's say, a 30K to your business, what you have to do, get 10 closes.

12:35 And that's called reverse engineering, because now you say, okay, if I want to make 30K, I need 10 closes, okay, if I need 10 closes, my closing rate is, let's say, 20%, right, meaning I close 1 in 2, sorry, I close 1 in 5, meaning now I need 50 sales calls, and let's say, reply rate is 10%, sorry, like

12:56 , uh, booking, reply rate to booking is 10%, meaning now you have to get 500 replies, and let's say it's 10% again, so you have to send 5000 messages to add 30k.

13:09 If you know the metrics, again, if you just put in random metrics, this makes no sense, because your metrics are going to be wrong.

13:16 This is when you already have the metrics, and that's called reverse engineering. If you want to make extra 30k, you need to send 5000 messages.

13:27 And now what should be your goal? It's the input that you control. You control You do not control the output.

13:42 You cannot control whether or not you're going to make 32k. The only way you can control it is by cause and effect.

13:50 Welcome to physics. By sending 5000 messages. You are gonna make 30k Because 30k is just a result of an action The only thing you can control on this planet is your own actions, right?

14:15 So that's how you set goals. So my goal now is next 30 days Send 5 000 messages That's how you basically Break down your goal into actionable reasonable steps And honestly, that should be your goal This is your goal next 30 days set 500 messages So I can make 30k on top Now like I was saying if you're

14:50 in the beginning Give yourself 12 to 36 months to make 10k revenue because you do not have any proof that you know how to do it You don't know what it's gonna take.

15:04 You don't know if you're gonna find the magic thing overnight 15 months it has not worked for me. And then finally in One month I made 16 grand 16 from 0 0 to 16 grand in one month after 15 months so stop putting wrong expectations stop killing yourself and to set goals to become wealthy you have to 

15:28 re-engineer back engineer how you basically select goal so you actually know the actual steps you have to do to achieve that goal if you want to add 30k you need to, let's say, send out 5,000 messages per month and then the goal is to send those 5,000 messages and if you are completing in the beginning

15:57 you cannot put goals, especially not financially you just know what though I will try for two, 12 to 36 months to make 10k that is way, way more reasonable than trying to make it work within three months.

16:11 So I hope with that I can save a lot of people from giving up and hope you enjoyed it. Uh, make sure to like the video if you liked it or share it with other people, uh, share it so we can have more people like people, help more people and prevent that people lose and give up and hope you enjoyed it.

16:26 See you in the next one. Peace.


0:00 the one thing that stops you from closing clients. So this is what I will speak about today and I want you to understand who am I to tell you that I have done over 200 sales calls in my first year of my agency.

0:13 I've been in the agency for two and a half years and I can tell you the number one reason why I didn't close was lying.

0:19 Let me explain. So if you haven't noticed, when you go into sales, there are going to be people asking you for proof.

0:28 People want to see that you actually know what you speak about. They want to have case studies, right? When you hire a media buyer for the agency, right?

0:35 You want to see case studies. Now you can tell me or not. When you start something completely fresh, right? When you start running, how good, how much experience do you have of it?

0:47 You don't have any, right? Let's say you start playing baseball. If you have never played baseball before, you don't have f****** any proof that you know how to do it.

0:56 You don't f****** know. And still, you will want to charge people. And people, when buying something, want to have proof that it works.

1:07 When you go buy a car, you know, and you want to make sure that it works, right? And there's not going to break halfway home, right?

1:18 And that's why you have, for example, a test drive. Then you have also, like, they have to go through legal things to make sure the car is well, and guarantees, and they have maintenance guarantees, all of that stuff.

1:30 Why? Because they want to make sure that when you buy something, that the car is actually working. Because when you spend $20,000 on a car, you want to make sure it works, or even $200,000 on the car.

1:45 And the same thing for your prospect, if you want them to pay down $2k for something, then you have to make, they have to make sure that it's actually working.

1:56 And now, the question is, how do you actually do that? Proof. And case studies. Now, when you're starting out, right, if you have built your first car ever, right, you just started your Tesla 10 years ago, you just built your first car, you don't have any f****** proof that it works, you have no clue

2:14 that it will not break down, right, because nobody has used it for 500 miles, Awesome. Now, what do you think you should do?

2:25 I want you to think about it. Every one of you, and that's one of the biggest problems because that is being pushed a lot in this agency industry, which is lying.

2:35 Just say, oh, no, no, no, the car is actually working, right? We've done this 10 times before, right? Oh, we're going to guarantee you 30 leads, uh, in the next 30 days, or we give you money back.

2:57 Lying. The number one reason why I didn't close. And you will not is lying because people can see it through people see that you're not honest, right?

3:09 Honesty is key. I always.

3:21 Always say this because if you have never done something before, just say you have not done it, which is acknowledge it.

3:28 Hey, honestly, I don't have that much experience, but I actually have a name to make to myself. I actually have to prove it to you that I know what to how I do.

3:36 Now it comes to the second question. Why should someone pay you 2k if you have never done it before? I wouldn't.

3:43 Would you pay yourself 2k? If the answer is no, then why the hell are you f****** charging 2k? You shouldn't, right?

3:54 Work for free till you get proof and case studies And what can you do then? Start charging money for it.

4:06 And now you can also charge retainers. Because people know that it works. If I can show you, this is the exact system we're going to implement into your business, which is going to generate your money.

4:17 Look at Nibu. This is for him. We did it. Look at this guy for him. We did it. This works.

4:22 He's exactly like you. Then you have proof for something that works and people will pay you f****** money. They will pay you upfront.

4:29 They will put down 10k if the system that you have will generate them 20. You want to have to make 10k?

4:38 Have a system that generates 20k and have a clear, return on investment and proof of it that it works. So the number one reason that stops you from closing deals is just you lying.

4:51 Just lying. So please, by God's sake, stop lying to prospects about what you do and experience. Have a guarantees. I will figure it because you have never done before, which is completely ridiculous.

5:05 So no guarantees. I will do my absolute best to give you the results. I have a name to make to myself and let's figure out a performance deal.

5:14 Plus let's say. Testimonial. Instead of lying and not closing because people could see that you lie, people could see it.

5:32 Trust. And I will tell you, this is my favorite f****** quote came from wherever the hell I got it. Bye.

5:50 Remember that f****** sentence. If you in sales, people buy from people that trust and you don't ever trust anyone again, if you saw the lie to you.

6:01 So. The lifetime value of your clients, so how much they pay you in total is going to be shit. In the best case, it's going to be one month.

6:08 That's why agency fails again, because you f****** suck at what you do and because you lied in the first place.

6:15 And secondly, when you lie, us humans get nervous, right? What we do. We say it doesn't make any sense, we actively have to invent stuff and people can see it through.

6:28 You usually also see true liars, right? When your brother is lying to you about something he did or didn't, right?

6:37 Or when you lied and your parents told you to stop lying, because they could obviously see that you were lying.

6:44 So, stop lying, start being honest, perfect writing, honest, have a performance, get proof, and then you can start charging the money you are looking for.

7:00 So, if you apply the principle of you will learn and you will make more money. So, I hope you enjoyed the video, uh, subscribe and see you in the next one.

7:09 Cheers!


0:02 So, uh, the problem comes usually from your, basically your location. You had it basically set up in, uh, Mexico City, in Mexico.

0:13 So I just changed it to Florida, just picked the first number I found. Like, some random place in Miami. The reason for that is because it's importing the number based on where it thinks you are from, right.

0:29 So now try again, it should usually work. And when importing, usually it's just enough. I don't think you have to have a plus one before.

0:37 Uhm, just now it should work. Remove the plus one, just have the, uhm, area code in the dots and it should, uh, pretty much work without any problems.

0:49 Uh, because, Okay, I removed the leads already, that's not a problem. Uh, but yeah, I'll show you the example. As you can see here, uh, he's calling in the UK.

1:09 So for basically to make sure that works, you have to have an address in the UK because it's going to take in front of every single number.

1:17 It's automatically going to put the, uh, plus four, four in front, right? So, uh, that's exactly what you have to do.

1:36 And basically now try again. It should work. Just put in, uh, the area code, and it should now work. If it doesn't, let me know, I'll, I'll, I'll keep on trying.


00:00 Step one, connect your Facebook account, like these, so you go to integration, connect your Facebook account, in this case it's Heliumatch, right, you have to have a page as well, so you need to make a Facebook page, right, and then, and add, manager, so you, if you go to business, ah, Facebook.com, 

00:24 right, ah, in this case I'm already logged in, but you need to create a business beta suite. As you can see here, in this case we're doing this for this guy, ah, how you match, and in this case you need to add a Facebook page, ah, slash Instagram page as So page.

00:41 Here, under accounts, just go through slowly if it's too fast, ah, add a page, connect to Facebook page, and you also need to connect your Instagram account here, so, let's go to Here, this is what it would look like.

00:58 Just one hyperpage, this would be even greater if he has some form of, profile, you know. So, once you have done that, you have a Facebook account, sorry, you have, ehm, Instagram account connected, a Facebook page connected, then you want to create an ad account.

01:17 So either you go here, create a new ad account, in this case we already have one created, so. I cannot run it through all the steps because it will take just eternity, so let's see here, we just launched the ad as well.

01:28 Uh, so, can we have it, okay, uh, we have this launched. And, that's pretty good, but because it's launched and we run the people to a Facebook form, right, uh, where's the form, is that a form, don't mind the dilemma, we have here a Facebook form we created, right, with this question.

02:00 So, phone number, form, name, email, so once they fill this out, what you then want to do is you want to go to level, press Facebook form, fields mapping, after you've connected the right Facebook account, right ad account, you have to make sure to connect the right ad account, Facebook page, and also

02:19 Instagram page, right. And here you're going to have Facebook form, fields mapping. So now, as you can see here, uh, form fields, just phone name, phone number, email, which is just how easy it was.

02:31 Bye! Super, super easy. Now, all you have to do now is basically set up the automation you want to have, right, uh, and basically get people to book.

02:44 Facebook lead form submitted. Now, all you have to do is select page is Helium match, make that right. And now you want to have a pipeline, right?

03:04 So I'm going to save that. We're going to go back to opportunity section because here you're going to be able to track Bye, see ya.

03:10 So basically in a CRM system, all of the leads, right? So this is his call calling, uh, lead automation pipeline.

03:18 Okay. Uh, let's take this one. I think I would create a new one, which is, um, At least then you put in lead stage first.

03:37 That's where the lead role, right? Then you're going to have, um, Uh, then you want to have booked. And that's kind of everything you have to know for now.

04:02 You can have no show. You can build this out, uh, with time being. No show, uh, show up. And then close.

04:12 So lead and workflow. So, uh, lead workflow booked. This is all you would need for the beginning because basically you're going to put it from lead into workflow, right?

04:22 So when a lead is submitted, they will be added here, right? So, uh, this is all which is important and then basically you can say, um, nurture, nurturing, and basically you want to basically be able to track everything like that.

04:42 So you want to have safe, then you can go back to automation. So I'm just going to. I'm going to run YouTube while I do all of this.

04:48 So then you also know how to do it in the future, right? So there's just a form submit that we can also take the form flow.

05:00 Uh, in this case, we're going to do the same, just, uh, why is this pitch exactly just select, uh, why do I have.

05:27 To select both, okay, just take both, okay, right. Use a phone. Oh, uh, make sure to select a Facebook phone.

05:46 It just tells me, okay, just cancel. So we have it here. Then you want to have it. Uh, you want to have it either like that, basically here.

06:00 We'll select the Facebook, Facebook leads, stage leads, opportunity name. I will show you here, which is contact first name because we only have full name.

06:16 We'll just go put contact name slash, uh, basically a contact name. Uh, opportunity source, you can say Facebook form, evaluate doesn't matter, status open.

06:34 That's it. Now you have this set up, so people will be added to your pipeline. Now, here you can now set up the SMS campaign, uh, you can also manually call them, there's a lot you can do here.

06:49 Now, we're going to take care of that later, all we want to do is have basically here messages. Thanks for filling out a form, uhm, Facebook And, uh, thank you for allowing me to be a part of Here, okay, because this is for an agency owners who want to have bookings and here's what is super important

07:38 This is depending and you want to structure the workflow depending on what goal you're trying to achieve, right? Because it's important the agency owners want to have bookings.

07:49 The solo owner want to have quotes. So this is spelled out for quotes, right? So thanks for filling out the form, please, uhm, our team will be in touch and then you have to call them manually.

08:00 So this is the owner. The owner has to call them up manually or you qualify them and book a consultation.

08:06 Uh, and let's see let's say you put a book them in for a quote, right? Cool. But here in the case of agency owners, we want to have people booking appointment.

08:18 So because in this case, we're doing it done for you from HSE Auto. Yes, she did it.

08:32 What the f*** did she put in here?

09:09 So again, you select yourself, uhm, we're gonna press como mis, we can have a color, you want to have everything opened from 0am to 0am, copy that to all, great, look busy now, 30 minutes.

09:53 Why do you have put a service, buffer type, notice you can have 4 hours, right, well I'll put it in 1 day if you want, date range, no.

10:25 So, in the beginning we do not want to have, we do not want to have any kind of qualification in the beginning of running ads because we first place want to have leads, right?

10:37 And then after we get these, we want to qualify them later on here, right? Because here you can create a form, add to form and just get other information, right?

10:46 Qualification information. But again, everything we just want to have in the first place, people answering, right? No, for him, we also want to create a dataset, right?

11:08 Uh, this will basically track everything, like, every activity around his body. Uhm, around his legs.

11:26 Did fly? Connect to assets. Wanna connect it here. Also, you wanna connect it to the article. Done. Now what you can do is, open it in Events Manager.

11:51 Go to settings. Basically, copy the ID. Put it in here.

12:04 So here, we'll get in the, uh, And, just, uh, that's good.

12:39 I think this looks ugly. Fine, I can edit it like this. Cool. I don't know why. This alias, selected, service, you don't want to have a service, you just want to have, no, you just want to have a personal booking, but, that's just besides the point.

13:39 So now we have the, this access, right, because we have this access. Now what we have to make sure is two things, is first in his settings, my stuff, make sure that he has added his calendar, and I guess he has, amazing, cool.

14:05 Because now we can basically go to video conferencing, perfect, good, good, good, good, because now people will be able to book calls based on, ah, him.

14:24 I would honestly put a bit of information in all the business in here. And that's the first thing we want to check, which is great.

14:33 That's the second thing we need is his domain. Okay, I'll tell him to add his domain because now what we want to do is basically create, um, a calendar.

14:48 I want to create a funnel for that specifically, which is basically booking.

15:06 this is going to be slash booking, and here you want to basically have your calendar like this, which I will show you.

15:15 It is basically a exactly the same thing, right, and people can book on the call exactly here, like this, and because this, we already have this calendar, but we don't have it in a page that looks that clean.

15:28 So this is exactly what we're going to do, uh, create from blank, and I'll show you quickly how that's being done, it's way too many if you don't know how to do it, so you want to First.

15:46 Hit white, and you want to change the background. We can make it black. Okay. Or we can go to unsplash, so if you go here to unsplash.

15:58 We search black. You can have all kinds of black backgrounds, you know. Now you can see.

16:14 Like this one, for example, and then it looks black, but it still looks better than just, uhm, just completely black.

16:21 You see what I mean? But now we have this one, as you can see, now it looks like this, so basically, I think, exactly the same, yeah, it's exactly the same.

16:29 Now, here, you can see, you'll be able to add is one column, and image, which is gonna be 500, 500, ok, sorry, 200, 200, 200, which can be logo, right, you can have it here, yeah, like to put it here, and now, depending if you wanna build a landing page with information, right, here you can basically

17:07 also give them a show of what you do. I, in the beginning, would just have a pure calendar. So here you wanna have text, just, uhm, go to your face.

17:20 So, let's see what else is. So, uh, okay. Now all you have to do it again. Uh, you, now all you have to do is you wanna go here, select.

17:47 I don't know if it looks heavy. There's so much things you can add, but, free consultation call. And this looks ugly.

18:02 This looks extremely ugly. So we're gonna have to redo his calendar because he has, calendar looks ugly. Half. That looks ugly.

18:12 So now he puts his logo and his calendar. And this is basically it. So the people also mobile, this is what it would look like.

18:21 Right? You can even- I'll remove your logo so people just, uhh, do this. Book your free consultation call below. And if you go to, this is what it looks like.

18:33 Uh, oh. Okay, let me change. I used that to, let me change it a quick, guys. Basically, you can go to the purple one, two columns.

18:48 Now we can add logo here. No, no, no, no, no, no. Which, 100 times, 100. Then just copy this, and you can put it here.

19:08 If you want to, it doesn't really matter, honestly, it doesn't matter for hell. Nice. I just put it into here.

19:23 Like, how you do it, actually, I don't care. Uhh, this is just playing around. This case I'm just gonna leave it like that, and then what we do is kind of, so what you need now to do, firstly, save it.

19:35 You can add some SEO data. If you want. Basically, it's like, what is it about? So, I will match the server.

19:56 Dissertation call. That's it. And now here you would, you save it. And now you would need to connect to the main.

20:04 So for that, you have to add to the main. So, here you go, you just do exactly the same as you showed you.

20:12 If you select the main, you add to the main. And then you have it, sir. Well, now basically I was just gonna fix this calendar because this calendar looks so ugly.

20:24 Uhh, but literally just all you have to do. Is set up the calendar and then if you have a landing patient, this is if you're running ass, then you wanna make sure it looks a bit more pretty than this top cut.

20:37 Idiots. And because with this, ah, sorry, with this form of a landing patient, it looks way, way better. As you can see, I just put it in my label over here.

20:48 And this looks super clean. And here we do it. And it uses a very overload testimonial, so things like that.

20:53 Uh, which you can, if you don't want to. Uh, you don't have to, you can also make a landing patient with more information on what you do, how you do it, blah, blah, blah.

21:03 Does not really matter. So. Now, I will turn to Adhisto Ming. So we actually have a pretty, My looking page, as you can see, because this is still gonna be like ugly.

21:16 I know, that's, it looks fine. Umm, what we could actually do is change it. Awesome. Could change it to make it big, like this one.

21:34 Alright, but that doesn't really matter. Cause this work as well for the phone. And this is literally what we can work with now.

21:40 So, now, what you basically wanna do is a s- As soon as you have, umm, your domain, right? So, basically, at this case, it would be self-revolution, but, you know, you're on, you- You want to go back to your workflow, right?

21:55 And so, in the Facebook settings, yes. So, after they have, basically, the actions you want to have, after they have filled up the form, so, that's what you have to select before.

22:10 You want to have, after they- to continue the form. You have your website. So, we even might have to redo it because it's, uhm, you basically want to make sure that the people are being sent.

22:32 To, uhm, after they've thought the form, you want to redirect the people. So, after they've thought the form, you want to redirect them here automatically.

22:44 So, if after they've put any information, they can put a consultation call. And, yes, they will put in the information twice, but why you want to have that is because, um, even if it's for service to reform your own customer or for yourself, the reason why you want to have it, because now you can set

23:02 up the Facebook lead form submitted campaign. Right? Uh, or all kinds of notion campaigns, all kinds of email campaigns, we can set up and that wouldn't be possible if you did not collect information before.

23:14 So, if someone doesn't decide to book, you can still, go send them the SMS campaigns. You can make it as long as you f****** want, as many shit as you want.

23:25 So, people actually work. So, um, this is basically what you have to do. Basically, here in the SMS, you redirect the people to booking.

23:35 Just say, hey. Uh, go back to the booking if you're running ads for yourself in terms of your agency. If you're running ads for your client, then you would just want to say, hey, we're going to be in touch with you.

23:45 Because now the leads work going to be added to your work, to your pipeline, where you can actually see the performance.

23:50 Um, where you can see kind of everything. Where's your pipeline? Beautiful. Just disappear. Uh, and there's basically everything. Right. So the people actually get to your booking page, and if they do not book, they redirect them to your booking page.

24:06 Now of course, there are a few things that you still have to set up, which is for example, going to be the, uh, pop up button.

24:15 Why is it? Yeah, that's it. I never find it, which is basically, this doesn't look like the right one. Yeah, basically you want to create a front receive.

24:31 You want to add a permanent confirmation. Umm, exactly. Boom. Meaning if someone books an appointment, right? Say if they will get a confirmation email, right?

24:47 They will get 24 hours before- I want to make sure that this is online. Save. You can test it, right?

25:04 Oh, we save action. Right, in this case, I just- you forgot to send me. It does not matter. But you check it and before the welfare is to work, this video is going super long.

25:15 I hate long videos. But for it to work, you need to firstly have a phone number. Purchase. If you're in the U.S.

25:21 you need a toll free number. Meaning, uh, here, here, here, with this S, he can already- send SMS. But if you're in the U.S.

25:32 you need a toll free number. So I'll show you what it is. This is local numbers. With local numbers you need to register for A to P to be able to do it, which you don't have.

25:42 So just use a toll free number, specifically for SMS. And now for email services, you want to use lead connector and just connect your domain.

25:49 So you go to dedicated domain, and you watch the other videos we have. Oh, he actually has. Alright, so he will be now able to send emails.

26:02 He's an idiot, because now you have to set head, which would be, uhm. P, uhh, knee, pads.

26:20 So basically it looks like it's the complete right email, but it's actually sending from a subtle way. So. You wanna do it like him, set it up, watch the other videos and go all over how to set up the domain, and now you can send not only email, but also, uh, SMS to basically bring people back to the

26:40 booking page, right? So you have to, So you make sure to have the, uhm, all kinds of automation, right? To basically prevent notals set up, and that will prevent you from being notals, and will help you get more sales calls.

26:56 So, I hope you enjoy it so far, uh, and yeah, this is just legit. If you got a set of you need to have, in order to basically be able to, uh, run ads out of for yourself or for his client, right?

27:11 If you have any further questions, let me know, and I will recall another video for that. See ya.


0:00 My lowest point in my life, and this was a lot about sales. So that's why it's called sales edition Basically, what it was is failure after failure.

0:11 So today I will just take a few minutes of your time Just because I want to teach you What it was for me and if you run an agency or all kind of online business and you just get excited You will most likely experience this or similar things so What basically happened is I started running my agency 2022

0:29 with Imangazi's course, all of those things, right? I was super ambitious. I was trying to make it work, right? It took me about nine months to get my first sales call right, so I was just trying to get sales.

0:41 It took me nine months to even get a sales call, which didn't f****** work out. Then I started call calling, then I started getting my first sales calls.

0:50 And basically what happened was I was taking sales calls, but didn't close. And so first sales call didn't close. Normal, right?

1:00 First three one didn't close. First ten one didn't close. I was like, it's normal, right? Because back then my mentor was telling me, hey, you need at least 50 sales calls to become good at sales.

1:10 I was like, 20, didn't close any. 30, didn't close any. 50, didn't close any. Then there was a guy, I remember the coaching program, was called the boss, right?

1:19 it. HONEY His second sales call closed for 2k up front. It became even worse because I was like, I had 50 sales calls, didn't close a single one.

1:30 And that guy closed after two. So I was already down. I went through a lot of emotional crisis at this point, but it was two years to go in summer, right?

1:40 And I was like, what the hell, why am I not being able to close deals, make money, right? Because I was still in that belief that I want to make it work, but I half way don't like half.

1:57 I believe it's possible. And on the other half, I don't believe it's possible at all. Right. I was like, is it even possible?

2:01 I was doubting that all of the shit I was doing was not going to work. Right. And I think this is also a lot of people, current struggles and thoughts, right?

2:14 Especially if you haven't made money online, like, does it work? Is it possible for me? Can I make money online?

2:23 After the 50 sales call, I still didn't close, but I kept on going. 60 sales call, didn't close. 70, 80, didn't close.

2:31 90, didn't close. 100. And the day I hit Hamlet sales call. I remember back then, right? I was speaking with my mentor.

2:41 And not to say he was the worst mentor, not to say he was the greatest. He was a mentor, which I paid him for, and he taught me stuff, right?

2:49 And I remember speaking with him, and I was like, What am I doing wrong? Why do I have a Hamlet sales call?

2:55 And they were reviewing my sales call. They weren't saying that, like, they were getting good. They were like, Here's a small mistake, this small mistake.

3:04 In the beginning, they were like, This sales call is shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. So I was making a lot of progress in sales, but I didn't care about it, that I made progress, because I wasn't making money.

3:15 And so it took me over a year. I had 100 sales calls, including a single person. And at that point, I was like, What is this online game, right?

3:27 It's just gurus telling you you can make money online, just so you can pay the courses and coaching programs. And I was like, I cannot give up, because it was a shame to me.

3:41 And you know, I was telling people, I was not going out with friends. I was just working all day, like school, work, after that, I was going to coaching program.

3:49 And after that, I was trying to do my 200 courses per day, taking sales calls, managing teams, right? I was just, I didn't have any money.

3:57 I was just spending it all on trying to make this work. And what ended up happening after that, I spoke, spoke with him, right?

4:07 I figured I'd stay in the program for a little bit longer, but, you know, it took me a lot of time to just, probably a month to get sales calls back again and just start re-continuing, right?

4:19 So then, yeah, exactly, it's, you know, beginning of that year, of the next year, right? I was, so last year I then started in a new niche, which was roofing, because basically then he was like, it's just a marketer that doesn't have money to pay you, which also is completely wrong, right?

4:38 It was still me the issue. I switched niche, so again, I had to re-set up everything, I had to re-do niche research, so that took me about a month, right, to do it properly, so then again, I started to have my first few sales calls in roofing, when another mentor of mine came to me and told me.

4:59 Hey, what did you do? Do this instead, so he was like, okay, you're very good in booking sales call, because I was actually fully booked out, right, because I didn't have much time, that's why I was like, I had like 2-3 hours a day, uh, max, to basically do my agency work, even after the coaching process

5:19 , I was like, I have to join the coaching, and after that I have to 2-3 hours of my time to do my agency, right, so I did it, right, and I was always close to always fully booked, right, and he was like, hey, I know other agencies owners and other businesses are struggling to get appointments, and you

5:36 are very good at call calling, you know how to manage teams, you know how to get the teams to book sales call and all that, why don't you offer that?

5:41 Appointment booking, right, and you have a, like, an appointment booking agency, and I was like, hmm, good idea, let me try it, so again, I restarted everything, and my first offer that I did was paper appointment, and it was like 8 appointments up front, I think It was four appointments.

6:01 Four appointments at $80, that way around, so I collected, I think, $400 out of him, $400, and that was the first time when I made money, and that was after close to one and a half years after my agency, and the moral of the story is, Peace.

6:21 What you don't know you don't know, and you giving up just shows that you're not eager enough to learn about the things you don't know, because what I didn't realise, the only reason why I didn't close was because I had no social proof, and I was lying about someone else, and that was the end.

6:41 The only reason, because people don't trust me. That's why I wasn't closing, not because of my ability to handle objections, all of that.

6:48 And I think, now, today, if I go back to that time, and I was just being honest, I would be closing so many deals I'd take it.

6:57 Initially I'd been so disgusted by sales, that at this point when I didn't have a sales call, I didn't care about it anymore.

7:04 It's just like, here's the thing, if you have an objection, it's like, you're losing out. Because my product at this point has been so good.

7:13 And that's the shit, the way I sell now. I changed the way I sell a lot, because back then I was selling quite aggressively, but it was very very beautiful, like very very successful.

7:22 That's why after that I become very successful. Uh, but the problem was I was just lying. So if I would have had that honesty, I wouldn't have been so disgusted by sales.

7:31 So that's why today at this point I don't even f****** try to sell people anymore. So just, here's the offer.

7:36 If you like it, join us. If you don't like it, don't join us. I don't do hard call of selling anymore.

7:42 And the moral, which is just, you have to be eager enough to keep on going. Just keep on going. Because I was failure after failure after failure.

7:51 Right? For 100 sales calls. 100. And if you don't close up to the preferred sales call after you tend for a sale call, don't have a, like, breakdown.

8:01 down. Go ask for help because they're people that know what you're doing wrong. You just don't know what you don't know.

8:07 I don't know what I don't know. And they're people who know more than me. Because that's the reason they make more money.

8:13 So, go ask for people for help. Because that's literally how I overcome it with the thing when Turkey told me just do that.

8:20 Because you seem to be good enough. up. Because the thing what was missing is what was my own confidence in what I did.

8:26 And the proof that I know how to do it. I didn't have those two basic things which are required to sell in the first place.

8:33 So I was literally running against a wall all the time. All the f****** time. So get some good help. And.

8:42 I hope by watching this video you understand that there's gonna be gonna be a lot of things which are gonna be in your way.

8:51 And to prevent you from being successful. And you have to keep on pushing. Right? And get different people's opinion. Right?

8:57 Because I was just listening to one person that was the reason why I didn't close anything. Because instead of starting to work for free, I was trying to get 2K out front of people for something I've never done before.

9:08 So, I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you learned something from me. And you could share a story to other people if you think there's valuable shared channel.

9:16 Subscribe to the channel for more content where we also teach you a lot of stuff. Not only my story, but we teach you a lot of stuff with sales and your age.

9:23 And, yeah, hope you enjoyed it. Have a nice one. Cheers! to something in for


00:00 How I went from 0 to 10k per month revenue with my agency. Now, I know you get gurus telling you all the time how they did it and it seems like impossible and they speak to you for half an hour of the exact game plan but I honestly just want to give you my personal story which I believe you can relate

00:17 to in less than 10 minutes. So, then, you can have firstly, it helps you motivate you that you can do it first but secondly, it also shows you what actually works because the difference between me and a lot of gurus is that I made this this year, right, with my agency.

00:32 So, it's not something I did six years ago like Iman Gadzi or stuff like that, 2018, I do it as of now.

00:39 So, what is the most important thing I want to tell you? First, I started out with Iman Gadzi's course back then, Agency Navigator, right, which maybe if you're an agency owner are very familiar with, right, Iman Gadzi.

00:52 Now, I went in there and I got to know what kind of things Iman Gadzi does, right, and what the agency game is, right, and sorry if I call everything games, honestly business is just a big game, right.

01:09 So, I started with Iman Gadzi, right, his course, and I came out of the course, right, honestly very, very motivated, learned a lot, right, it was like, uh, 2022 I think.

01:20 Uh, I did it, right, and what happened was basically I tried email marketing for 9 months, right, I was in niches like, uh, motorcycle dealership, uh, motorcycle accessoires companies, then I went to real estate offering SEO to uh, so, so, motorcycle dealership to real estate SEO, and then realized that

01:53 SEO didn't seem to be the right thing for me, right. So, I ended up being in Canada real estate. Now, just so you know, from this, this took me about 12 months, and I made exactly zero dollars, because I was starting out.

02:19 I tried email for 9 months. I didn't get a single sales call. I actually got one, and the lady didn't show up.

02:24 So, and I think this is very relatable to every agency owner, depending on what stage you're in. I think it can very relate to this problem.

02:31 You're just trying out, and it doesn't work. You change the niche, you think it's going to work, it doesn't work.

02:35 And you're like, what the f*** am I doing wrong? And this is very, very, very tough. Like, everyone has to go through that same amount of pain.

02:43 So what I did after, about after those nine months of email, right, I was like doing email for my nine months, right, what I then did is when I was in real estate with ads, I joined another mentor program, right, and there I was basically cold calling, right.

03:06 I was doing cold calls to real estate agents in Canada. And that was the first time, it was about one year ago, when I first started getting appointments, right, I was actually booking.

03:21 One to maybe two appointments per day. And the thing is, uh, not to say, wow, what a crazy mentor program, he cost me 10k.

03:32 So, uh, it was very expensive and, like, it took me a lot of time to pay that mentorship program, right, it took a lot of sacrifice.

03:41 Because how I saw it was basically I was in school, had a job on the side, so I had school plus a job, plus running my agency, plus the mentor program.

03:50 So I literally had school, I'll write it down for you, right, school, work, right, I was working at a store to make money, to be able to pay the program, pay in my head, pay my software, pay guard level, pay email marketing.

04:04 It's just cost, but I had to go through it so I could get the experience. Even now, to give you an example, we start running ads for our own company.

04:13 We literally burned through, I think, like, what was it, close to 400, 500 bucks and didn't get a single cell phone.

04:18 But that's because we take the money to learn, right. And to create new marketing variations and all of that, right.

04:24 So school, work, coaching, plus my agency. And if you want to say coaching is, is an agency, no, it's not because you listen to someone, but you actually don't do shit.

04:39 So I had to do 200 call calls. Next to all of this shit, I had four hours of coaching calls per day.

04:46 I had three hours of work per day and I'd maybe five hours per school. So this year I was doing, I literally had eight like 12 hours just from that.

04:55 And the rest I had to do call calls and work on my agency. Now, if you ever say to me or to anyone that you don't have time, I have to do all of that shit.

05:03 So then I'll start doing call calls. I started booking my appointments, right? And that went pretty, pretty nice, but I had a lot of mindset problems, which that's why I also speak a lot about mindset on this YouTube channel and also on different channels because I know this is super, super important

05:19 as well in the school community and on our masterclasses. We speak about mindset because it's a very, very big issue and here's also why because I was booking appointments, but I wasn't closing, right?

05:29 And I was very, very shit when I started, I couldn't even barely speak English, right? So I came from a very, very like shit place in terms of skills, knowledge, experience.

05:40 I had zero basically. I started from a complete zero, like not even family wasn't business, nothing. Uh, and what happened was that it took me, uh, from this summer, six months of this mentorship program combined with sales calls, right?

05:58 Over 100 sales calls. I don't know if you can relate to this, six months of work, 100 sales calls. And I've put into myself the goal of 100 sales calls because I was like, okay, I know I maybe won't close my 51st one.

06:15 I won't close my 81st one maybe, but in a hundred, I should at least close one, right? Because that will make a closing rate of 1%.

06:24 Literally, I was happy with a closing rate of 1%. And even that didn't happen. Literally, that didn't happen. I didn't even have a closing rate of 1%.

06:33 I just didn't close a single one. So, six months, 100 sales calls, all of this stress, from all of these four things, just for 100 or after 12 months, having made $0, spent over $10k.

06:54 This year, I had $6k from my job. I never saw a single dollar from there. So, $6k from there. I borrowed money, and all kinds of things, just to be inside mentor programs, just to be, have it go a level, and all that stuff.

07:07 All of that. Right? Just, so, I could try. Do you see how much effort this is? I hope you see.

07:16 Because if you feel that online money is quick money, it's not. It's you have to be confident. I could have closed, I'm 100% sure, out of those 100 calls.

07:26 I was just shit. But it's normal when you start. It's normal when you don't have any experience. So, after that, I went through a lot of emotional, like, mindset crisis.

07:36 It was like, how can it be so shit? How can I not make it work? But, I decided to just not give it up.

07:41 Just, I was too stupid to give up. I continued, and literally three months later, so that was in, uh, May or April, I cannot remember exactly, right, I had closed 14 clients.

07:56 It was through Ramadan, so that pretty nice close 16,000 USD. I can literally show you the stripe, and the reason why, because it just made click, and I want to explain to you those two things.

08:14 I want to show you my first month of my agency. So that was with my agency, where I made 14,388 euros and 88 cents.

08:23 So that's about 16k in USD. And what basically happened, I think I've said 16 clients. No, sorry, 11 clients or something like that.

08:32 I started because I started because my mentor was then great, but there was things which he didn't taught me which were correct, right?

08:41 He wanted me to charge 2k upfront or even 5k upfront, right? Just so he can have, honestly, just so he can have nice testimonials.

08:50 But then when What am I supposed to do this money? I charged $400. That was my first client. I closed it for $400, right?

09:00 Then my next one, 400 again. Then it, uh, it was 600, right? Then it was 800. Then it was 1.2k.

09:10 And I think at the end, uh, I don't know how many of those I closed. It wasn't exactly because I can't remember, but it came up to those 14,388 euros.

09:23 And why should I tell you the story and why should you see that? Because in one month I hit 16k because all of you have that goal, which is in three months I'm gonna have one client, in six months I'll make 5k, and in 12 months I'll make 10k.

09:50 This was all f****** wrong for me and I put the exact same goals as you. Because that's what Imangazi tells you, that's what you believe, and that's what everyone tells you.

09:58 Put goals. But, like, on which mass is that? It's just guesswork, it's just like, I wanna have that. Do you know what it takes to make 10k?

10:08 No, because you don't even know how to have one client. Because you still haven't figured it out. Right? Putting goals to double your business, then you already make, let's say, 10k, then you just double the amount of tasks you do, and even that might not be accurate, right?

10:25 So, you have to reset your goals, and I'm saying it's gonna take you so f****** long, so much f****** work, so much pain, but the result of it is, this money.

10:39 Just makes it 16k in a single month, and I believe you could do it too, and I strongly think that if you just don't give up, and if you run with that mindset, giving up is not even an option.

11:04 I never thought of giving up. I literally never thought of it. Not a single day. That's the most thing I'm proudest of.

11:09 I didn't even think of it, giving up or changing business more. Right. I was just like, it's not the business, it's me.

11:20 I need to become better and by me becoming better, I will make more money. And if you don't give up and you spent money in yourself to become more competent, you will become successful.

11:32 So thank you. I hope you enjoyed the video. Like and subscribe if you want to see more content like this, it will really mean a lot to me.

11:40 And I hope you have a wonderful day and see you soon. Cheers!


0:00 Agency owners work less and you will make more money. I'm sure you hear this a million times and you're like, how does it work?

0:10 I don't understand this. Now, I will explain to you what is meant by it and how you will achieve that.

0:18 Because I can tell you, I'm a hundred percent sure that you do not understand this if you're watching this video.

0:24 So I'll explain to you. Let's get started. Number one thing you have to understand that for every single thing, you have different stages, right?

0:34 You have childhood, then you have like your twenties, then you have babies and kids, and then you are being retired.

0:42 These are stages of life. And the same goes for business. You have stages of business. And if you want to see it in a monetary gain, right, I will show you the different stages.

0:52 And there is no right or wrong, whether it's zero to 5k, whether it's 6k, whether it's 10k. Right? These are the different stages.

0:58 And finally enough, you will know when what stage occurs. So stage number one, which is no matter what f****** business model.

1:16 No matter what agency, what niche you're in, when you are getting started, that doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. Just work less and make more because you don't know shit.

1:28 You literally don't know shit. If it's your first time running a business, it doesn't exist. Making less. Have you seen Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk?

1:37 All other people, Jeff Bezos, starting to work nothing, right, just working a little bit and making a lot of money.

1:49 No, because they didn't knew shit. They had no clue how to run a business. They had no clue how to get clients.

1:55 They had no clue how to service clients and how to retain them. And that will usually take you one. And if you're like, oh, f***, I don't want this to take three years.

2:16 Then, I will tell you what you have to do. Work more. If you want to have success quicker, you have to just work more, especially in the beginning.

2:30 Later on, that's different. We're going to cover all the stages. If you're getting started, you will have to work a lot.

2:37 That's just how it is. If you have to learn about client acquisition and all the rest of the stuff, there's no other way.

2:45 And so, the more you work, the quicker you will go to stage 2. Stage 2 is client acquisition in terms of systemizing.

3:04 This is one of the most beautiful stages in my opinion, right? Because I'm in right now, right? And all of this is per month, by the way.

3:14 This is because, You understand that, oh, okay, now I grasp how to do it, but now I have, you know, to build a business, which is actually going to make a lot of money, and to make a lot of money, you have to make a lot of numbers, right?

3:30 Either it's charging a lot or charging a lot of people a little bit, right? These are the two ways you can become rich, right?

3:37 So, then you're going to understand, okay, now I need teams, if I have to do 1,500 DMs per day, so I can have three sales calls close one person, let's say, per day, and that's how I'll get to 20k.

3:51 Then, you know that you have somehow to do 1,500 DMs, but you cannot do it yourself because you have less than 20k.

3:57 24 hours in a day, you have to take the sales calls, you have to close the people, you have to sales them, all and so forth.

4:02 So that's when you're going to learn systemizing and automating, right? Those two things. And that still will take you time and effort to figure out, right?

4:12 So you have to learn those two things. You have to figure out how to do how to systemize, how to automate.

4:19 And that will be so a pain in the ass because this is not going to work out, this is not going to work out, this is going to fail.

4:25 And that's normal because here you still don't make enough to be able to do that. Then you come to stage 3.

4:31 Stage 3 is now, where you can, if you want to. Because now at this point, right, between those two, you're learning that you need sales reps.

4:53 CMO, for example, right? This can be one person depending on how you structure your business. But you gotta be able to remove yourself if you want to.

5:00 Because now you make enough money to be able to pay good people that can run the business for you. I don't think most of you have thought about it.

5:08 Because a VA won't run the business for you. If you want to be able to have good people running the business for you, you need to pay them a lot.

5:16 And here's the stage you can decide to remove yourself. Between $20k and $100k per month. Now, if you want to grow even further, it's still gonna ask a lot of your time.

5:27 But the way it's gonna ask your time is gonna be different. Because it's gonna be work less to achieve more.

5:33 Because you are gonna be the brain of the business. You're gonna lead the business. So if you understand that principle, you're in the best way to become successful.

5:41 So, I hope you enjoyed it, and I'll see you in the next one.


00:00 Five reasons why you will remain broke. If you're an agency owner or any kind of business owner and you do not pay attention to this, you will remain broke.

00:10 So, let's get started. Number one, biggest reason why people do not become successful is because they invest in shit. Let's say trading, all kinds of different things instead of yourself.

00:21 Now, why is this one of the most important thing? So many people start investing 50 dollars or euros or whatever the f*** into, uh, stocks, let's say Tesla or stuff like that, right?

00:34 They do not understand that this is a f****** guru world, meaning they tell you to invest early so with 60 years, you can retain it, let's say, a million.

00:44 Now, what they have done a study is that 50% of your money that is being invested, so money loses 50% of its worth on the stock market during a lifetime, right?

00:55 Take, for example, 2008 world economic crash, uh, everyone lost. Everything that invested, but no one, right? Why do people stay broke?

01:05 Because no one had these skills. No one ever had the skills to make money. They just said, hmm, let's wait.

01:20 Tell other companies where they say with a stock, with a bond, let's wait until they make me money. So this is one of the premier biggest reason why people don't become successful.

01:30 I have personally spent this year alone in last one and a half years. I spent probably about 20G on all kinds of mentor programs, all kinds of courses.

01:39 Even today. Still going through like ads classes, everything to learn even more than I know today, because today I might be able, I might be at 40K, right?

01:50 But I want to go to 100 and then later 1 million, right? Now, the reason why millions of most of you, literally, are not even close to this or not this or nothing, right?

02:07 Most of you are at b******* zero. And the reason why is because you're looking for a shortcut that will bring you success.

02:15 And this is literally the biggest problem. People And I will tell you how to make money the simplest and easiest way to invest money in yourself.

02:32 Whatever f****** guru it is, you don't have to buy from gurus. You can pay someone, a consultant, or pay a consultant firm, or you can pay even like a business owner.

02:41 and say, hey, I want to kind of have one hour of your time. How much would you want me to pay you for one hour of your time to get some help?

02:48 Right? Unfortunately, like if you don't have connection, that can be hard. That's why there are gurus, coaches helping you, right?

02:55 I'm not, might not be a million, but I make more money than most of you, right? True online. Games, if you want to call it like that, right?

03:04 True online businesses. And the reason why is because I, yes, I invested money in trading, literally two times for like 50 bucks shit.

03:13 And I made like $20, right? And then I realized how f****** bullshit this is because making $20, like making what is a 50% on 50 million, if my pen would write, making, let's say 50% on 50 million, that's $25 million generated over one year through, through ads.

03:40 And what did you do for it? I could not spell. Nothing. Right. You did absolutely nothing for it. Right. And the number one reason for that is you already have capital, right?

03:57 You already need capital. If you want to invest in all kinds of shit, you need money. You need You need capital.

04:03 And when I mean capital, you need at least 10 G's to even other people would say 100 G for it to make sense because then you can live off the dividends that you get from, let's say you get 3% dividends.

04:19 Then you can live off, right? Because. On 100k, that's 3k per month. That's just dividends. So don't lose the money and you still live passively That's how it works.

04:31 But you still first need 100 G's That's the number one reason people don't succeed is because they invest in all kinds of shit Right in a table and a mic but not in themselves to become billionaires That's the number one reason people fail.

04:44 Secondly, not wanting more, accepting to be mediocre It's the number one, number two, you can all call them the number one reason And if you feel yourself in that because society not to say anything against it Right, society is amazing, you have beautiful ladies, you have beautiful people with beautiful

05:06 characteristics, traits But when it comes, right, to business, they will all tell you, be happy And I don't see a lot of people speaking about this Be happy with what you have Now if you're built, born in Europe, or all kinds of countries, at this point even in the US, because they're making dreams kind

05:35 of dying with the current politics, right The number one fear is when people tell you, parents tell you, school tells you, everyone tells you, be happy with what you have, right.

05:48 You can be lucky to have a roof. And I will tell you my personal opinion on this, I don't know why I'm pressing the wrong button all the time.

05:59 I'm extremely happy to have a roof, to have a home. And all of that, right. But that doesn't mean that I cannot want more, because I want to have more, right, because I'm bigger than me.

06:12 I want to achieve something. And that's the number one reason. That's the people don't even do It's because they've, literally, you're, Sorry, most of you people are just NPCs.

06:29 And I don't want you to be one. Because, literally, the definition of NPC is a non-playing character. Meaning you have none benefits to either society or human being or human existence.

06:41 Because you're just, let's be clear, you're just one. Right? Instead of being D1. That's the biggest reason. You're one of.

06:50 Instead of being D1. And that has to change. You have to be D1 in your family. At least D1 in your f****** country, in your society.

07:10 Right? You have to be wanting to be better than yourself. If you do not understand this, you cannot become a successful entrepreneur making millions and driving a f****** Lambo.

07:20 Because if you are want to drive a f****** Lambo, you need to be D1, not one of 99%. You have to be D1.

07:36 And that's literally what people do not understand. If you want to be in business, you need to have a reason why you do shit like shit in the first place.

07:44 And have a goal which is bigger than yourself. And not only to drive a Lambo, right, but to have some sort of impact on people.

07:53 And have a reason why. If you have ever read the book of David Goggins, Can't Hurt Me, the only thing that kept me him pushing was that he had a bigger reason why than most people do.

08:08 You don't ride, you don't run 300 miles just for the sake of it. No, it's because you want to prove something to yourself or to the world, right?

08:18 Because he wanted to have an impact on people, show them that they can change their lives. So he had to do it to show that it's possible.

08:26 And if you don't understand it, you need a reason why you are going to fail big. You will give up on every single new business.

08:35 You're going to have to shiny object syndrome, right? Which is another point. Next thing is just shiny object syndrome, right?

08:42 Most people. Most of you. Oh, let's start an agency. Oh, let's start dropshipping. Oh, now let's start an AI agency.

08:50 Seems like a new thing, right? Most of you fall into that. And honestly, it's never the business that fails. It's you because you already failed at step number one, which is understanding that money is generated.

09:03 By you having value, meaning you having skills, which helps other people with all kinds of things, right? And if you don't invest in yourself, meaning with not only money, time and effort, then you're not going to have value, meaning no matter what f****** business you try, it won't work.

09:27 Next point, fear of judgment of others. So many of you fear the judgment of family, friends, and laughter. I will tell you one sentence, one quote, which I really love which is I would not know how to spell.

09:50 And I will ask you a very interesting question.

10:06 Have you ever had someone, an entrepreneur, right, who is successful with whatever kind of business he runs, judge you for you trying to build a business?

10:15 No! Because he respects the fact and he knows how hard it is. I will never, never judge you for the shit you do.

10:22 I will judge you if you don't. You don't f****** work, because then you're a lazy c***, right? I will never judge you for you trying something new, trying something, trying that business model, trying another one, right, trying shit.

10:36 I will never, ever judge you for it, because I know how painful it is to get started. And no one else, Alex or Mozi Chai, no one else will ever judge you for it.

10:44 The only people who will judge you is people from below. Friends, who you call friends, right, people you know at school, at your job, they think you're crazy, right, that you're dreaming, that you're delusional.

11:01 That's also one of the biggest reasons why people judge People don't even get started, because they will fear, oh, can I change my life in 30 years, right, can I get started with business at 16?

11:13 What will people think of me? Oh, what happens if I don't go party with them, right, they will think I'm an asshole, they will not enjoy me, and I will not be, you know, part of them That's the number one, like, all of them are part of the number one reasons why you're not going to be successful And 

11:30 you will remain broke For those reasons, and I know that you can relate to at least one of those points You don't invest in yourself with time, money, energy.

11:39 You are always Searching for the new thing which are going to make you money quickly Right, not having a reason why to do stuff, and fearing the judgement of others Right, and the last point is the lack of desire to achieve it You have to want to do something big, you want to have something, you want

12:01 to be someone Lishi, remain broke And I want you to, Lishi, write down that quote One of the, Don't be one of the 99%, be the one And if you find out one thing that keeps you pushing, that motivates you, all of the rest will start to crumble along, and will start to get in place, for you.

12:33 You have to be the one, you have to be the person around you who is the most successful, or, who wants it the baddest, right?

12:41 People, people, people People usually perform way, way better from pain, than they do from the desire of pleasure. So just combine those two things, people tell you to stay mediocre, and, you don't want it to be something better.

13:02 Of course you're not going to achieve success. You need to want more, or be someone, that people don't ignore, don't respect.

13:14 If you have those traits, if you understand those laws, invest in yourself, do not be mediocre, do not accept judgement, and don't just keep on f****** doing, and have a big reason why.

13:30 You will succeed. Now, we have a free school community where we show you how to get started with your agency, it's completely free, and I would love for you to check it out down below.

13:39 If not, I hope you enjoyed the video, and I want to see you in the next one. Peace!


00:01 Uh, so, I quickly wanna show you how to download information from Phantom Buster before paying for it. Uh, this is no legal advice, please, uh, if you do that, take it on your own risk.

00:14 Uh, and yeah, let's get started. So what you need is the Instant Data Scraper extension. So, we're gonna open it, and now it's gonna select a table, right?

00:25 Okay, Okay, so we're just f***** up. So let's close it again. Reload this. Right, so let me show 30, right?

00:37 And now you can open Instant Data Scraper, and here it's gonna be searching for everything. As you can see, he already found it, which is amazing.

00:48 So now, all you have to do is press the next button. Select next button, which should be here. Next button located, press start crawling.

01:00 You have 5 seconds, so let's locate the next button. Oh. I think that's because I don't have more 145 leads.

01:30 Yeah Oh, so it already worked. I don't know if you saw it. It was quite rapid. As you can see, I only have 45 leads.

01:39 That's why, like, it already did the automated thing. So it already went from page 1 to 2. So now I can copy all leads.

01:49 Uh, what I recommend you doing is then open a sheet, open a new one, just paste it in here. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

01:58 Then you just go to, Sorry, what's this one, I think? Yeah. Now you can again close, close it, right. And by the way, I still use a free version of it.

02:14 So I have no first name. I think that's company name, I would say. Uh, in this case, I use a free extension to scrape leads from LinkedIn, professional email final Okay, that's the name.

02:41 Okay, that's the first name. That can be cut. Uh, look, it's nice that you're cleaning the sheet, uh, because it's like a bunch of shit, uh, inside.

03:00 And what is here? Nothing can cut that. Delete. And, now I will filter. I will show you how to do it.

03:13 Uh, clear. And now select the, no email phone. And now select all of this. Now, select all of Because now you only have everyone with, uh, an email, basically.

03:36 So if you go And put this one here I do And then you put in email Then we do have now the email of every single person And at that they were able to scrape in all of that for free Voila And here as you can see we have you Okay, this is just a bunch of shit so you can remove that as well So nice that 

04:11 at least you're cleaning up the sheet, but as you can see, I hope you you got it Uh the way it worked So now I could literally have this And that's what I can do now I have I can continue on doing the same thing in this case if you do delete the email extractor from LinkedIn right professional email 

04:31 finder Uh, you he found 14 emails. So that's not too bad out of 50. So there's like well, um more than 25 percent, uh, but the problem is that you have with the Free account, uh, you have only 50 emails you can basically scrape right?

04:50 So That's the one thing right and I will show you how the second thing goes because um I also run these two, okay So, uh, let's see the results Okay So Find 99 999 profiles.

05:10 That's amazing Because now we have all of this information um all of it Websites company url That's amazing We have all of the information even school Like literally everything of the profile The names.

05:31 So now you can even have let's say the 8th searching for those numbers And I will show you because if you go to download results You're gonna have to pay because you can only scrape 10 now because uh, i'm a dumb c*** and um, I don't like to pay for stuff Well, I prefer paying for nicer stuff.

05:49 So now we'll press the next button again, which is going to be here And now it's going to start crawling and if it works we're gonna see if it works or not BAM!

06:00 That's enough for That's gonna do its job. It's gonna scrape it um All of the pages as you can see here with raw scrape 30 yen is going to take as much time as it takes.

06:11 So i'm not going to touch it. It's going to do its thing so uh sas You can do the same thing with a niche And you can do the same thing like what i'm just showing you with this like with rose scraped You can do it.

06:31 The same thing with um All of the other phantoms, right? So you don't need to just use the linkedin guy Sorry linkedin one.

06:42 Uh, I just wanted to try the linkedin one Um to give you some kind of experience. So yeah This is the cheat code.

06:51 So now What you can do what I recommend you're also doing if you work with local businesses in the united states Uh go to google use Google Maps.

07:01 Export to search you can even put map search to contact the data Use this one now. You can either put in a document sheet, right with a list of urls Which I recommend you doing um, or You just put in one but honestly, I think it's better if you put a list so you put a sheet This right like here you add

07:25 on here. You add all of the urls of the google maps you put in here And you do the same thing as basic.

07:31 I did right now for this because this is literally 150 people And this is actually going through the pages as slowly as it takes Uh, as long as I don't get an error code i'm fine because it takes between 1 and 20 seconds, right?

07:48 Is to show your human behavior as you can see under 70 Right. So now you can use the same thing for google maps and now instead of using Instant Data Scraper on Google Maps itself use Phantom Buzzer which Firstly makes it all way way easier because it just scrapes all of it for you And secondly, usually

08:07 quality is also way better, right? Because if you go here you it's quite f****** nice Like what i'm just showing you is quite nice Uh, because literally you can do a bunch of hell with it, especially all what you're scraping is right so you can have linkedin scraping Sorry i'm gonna So, yeah, you can

08:28 have google maps you can have instagram following twitter following Thank you. There's so many things you can do All of that you can do Uh linkedin competition.

08:38 So if you've watched the other video about how to actually Create a phantom account without paying for it and Yeah, basically here's like a whole amount of things you can do I also have sales now, but it doesn't work for some reason today's enough so I cannot show you based on sales now Uh, but quite

08:59 nice things you can do You can also have Combinations, right? So combinations mean that plus email, right? Bum. So now it's lead scraping to email Find personal emails of your linkedin connection.

09:17 This would be just of the connections, right? Linkedin profile scraper. This is what I would want to do Uh, okay.

09:27 If you have to delete all the phantoms that are already running Uh, but at least it is what I would do.

09:32 And then now you can also search for emails in that case. Uh, or here. Cool maps to search contact and you, uh, this is what I would do.

09:40 Uh, and check out. And basically you can even read the overview, how it works. And it also checks, checks the websites.

09:50 So that's really, really, really powerful. Uh, because it, so if you use that flow, so make sure to use this one.

09:57 Cool maps to search to contact data. Um, um. . And it's kind of f****** over powerful. Uh, over power, because now I let you go 350 leads for a buffer free.

10:09 And yeah, that's what you learn by being inside our community. Hope you enjoyed it. Have fun, uh, copying it. Like, like I said, no risk on me.

10:19 Take it on yourself. Cheers.


0:00 So, uh, I will quickly show you how to download the calls from GoHardLevel. Now, the first thing you need to do is you need to go to settings and check whether or not your phone number has recording enabled.

0:18 Alright, so you go to the three dots, add a configuration. Alright, this call is being recorded. You have to disable that, because that's usually always enabled.

0:27 Outbound, outgoing call timeout, 15 seconds. In call recording, you have to press that button and put it in a dot, because if not, it will say this call is being recorded for quality purposes, so you want to put it in a dot, right?

0:38 So, once you have done that, you just press save, uh, and if you haven't done that already, from now on, you can, uh, look at the recordings.

0:48 Now, if you have, for example, spoken with, uh, John, right, and you want to have his recording. Okay, I will have to call actually someone, uh, so let me give you an example.

1:09 So, I'll call myself, just to show you. Let's keep it going for 15 seconds. So, now, what you will be able to do is, you will be able to see the outbound call.

1:39 Uh, so, in this case, it didn't pick up, so that's why it's probably not showing the conversation yet. Now, let me show you again.

1:52 So, let me show you with my phone quickly, because I'm going to be So, I actually have to pick up.

1:58 So there it is, now I'm speaking twice in a minute. Uh, yeah. Okay, now you can see, now it came from red to, uhm, green, right?

2:14 So, when I go to myself, right, now I have here this recording. Now you can press here, download.

2:27 And now you press here, download, and now you have this. The document, right? Which now you can upload into the school community, get feedback on your course, right?

2:37 So, I hope it helped, and see you in the next one. Cheers.


0:00 Hey everyone, welcome back to the second video of the premium community. Now, today I want to go over some very very simple stuff, but I think it's going to be very beneficial especially to everyone that is new in school and anyone that is already in school, I think, can also learn from this.

0:16 Now, what exactly I'm going to cover is basically what you can do in school and how to, basically also be able to use school from your phone from wherever the hell you want and also be able to engage, be able to comment and all of that, right?

0:28 So first, as you can see here, you have your community section. So we usually have three pin posts at the top and on top of that, here you just have the questions, category, uhm, all of that, literally.

0:41 So, if you go to general, you're just going to have messages about general things, questions, and we usually might even update them with traffic, wins, announcements, here if you just want to see a different announcement, here you will see from our team the different announcement, right?

0:56 If you want to see wins, here, new members, here, and all of that. So you can also connect with people through the introduction, right?

1:05 So now here, you have the classroom section, so for you, all of this is going to be logged, you're going to be able to start here, which you usually should be already.

1:12 So here, you're going to be having all of the classroom section, and in the first video, you learned how to unlock all of, uh, the training, right?

1:22 So, that, you can enjoy here the trainings, you can just go inside and do the training. Now, step number three, is the calendars.

1:30 We host two masterclasses per month. And yes, this picture is right, right? So, if you're broke, join them. If you already have some clients who are still broke, uh, still, I'm broke, right?

1:40 We don't make billions, like, this guy and other guys, right? So, there's things to learn. So, you can hop on those masterclasses twice a week.

1:49 Uh, this is a private workshop, which is only for level six people, and the masterclass is free. It is really, really recommended, so you also get access to recordings in the classroom sections.

2:01 Now, here you can connect with other members, and here you have the leaderboard. So, especially this goes for the higher levels, because to unlock all of this, right, 1 to 5, you unlock by just referring 3 people to the community, you unlock all of this stuff.

2:14 Now, for the higher points, you can, get access to private workshops, moderator, access to one-on-one calls with me. You get the Salesforce Evolution course, which is a full course, and you get my private WhatsApp number, and basically, you can text me for any questions, any help you need, and basically

2:30 network with me together. And here you get the lifetime membership of Salesforce. The Salesforce Evolution Premium for free, and includes a $500 gift, right.

2:42 Now, ba-bam, ba-bam. So, lastly, we have a very beautiful leaderboard. On the 30-day leaderboard, right, the person who wins the leaderboard, so who engages with the most in the community, will win one month of the premium community for up to for free.

3:02 So, you get access to a premium community with all of its things, right. So, guideless, for free, snapshots, lead scraping course, call calling courses, like, coaching course, all of that twice a week, all of that for free, right.

3:17 You can win that for one month by just having the most engagement in this community. Now, I will tell you how to engage the simplest way and especially, like, how you can get people to like you.

3:27 As you can see here, it's pretty easy to level up. Uh, so, of course, I'm not, because I'm part of the team, I'm not listed on here.

3:34 Uh, though, how do you level up? Now, you see, you basically get a points and one like is one point, meaning you can either get people to like you post or like you comment.

3:49 One like equals one point, right? And these are the different points. How much points you need so you can level up, right?

3:56 So let me give you an example. For example, this post is 13 likes, 80, 20, right? So she just by introducing herself got 12 likes.

4:07 So do you start by putting an introduction post, right? So very, very simple, right? All you have to do is introduce yourself.

4:17 Hey, I'm Joe. This is what I do. Uh, and the second thing you can do, let's say I just did a post right now, which is where are you from?

4:26 Right. Uh, and now. You can literally just by commenting, I will like your posts, everyone else will like your posts as well.

4:37 And from that, you will get people to like your posts, right? Just by commenting. So, or you can ask questions.

4:45 Literally ask questions, like, hey guys, where are you from? Like I did. Or, what job do you have? Or, really ask questions that can benefit anyone.

4:56 Like, hey, what kind of outreach do you do? Unbound or inbound? What do you see as the most effective niche right now?

5:04 What niche should you have in, right? All of those things, right? That's an amazing thing you can ask and so you can network with people in your same niche by just asking it in the community, right?

5:18 So that's a pretty good feature. So, the second thing you can do is you can go to social media Preprequel school app.

5:24 Download, so you can go out on the Play Store, but if you have an Android, if you have an iPhone, literally you can go download the school app on your phone and that's Preprequel as well, because now.

5:37 Now I have the possibility to just literally go to the group, watch the courses in the bus, right? So this you can see here, uh, I hope you can because it's usually blurred, right?

5:46 Uh, you can have literally everything on your phone. So that's pretty good. So you just go search school on the app store on or the Google Play Store, download it and log in.

5:56 And you can pretty much, oh, here I am again. Enjoy the community. Pretty, pretty, pretty simply, and engage in the community, level up to win some amazing things.

6:07 Uh, you can win, like I said, the leaderboard, the person who is, who has the most likes, he got 160 likes in the last 30 days, Jason can win the premium community in this month, and this is every, for every month, right?

6:18 So you still have, in our case, a few more days, uh, to play. You can him, right, or, for next month, right, it's always worth it because you level up, you can unlock things, all of that for free, right?

6:29 So I hope you enjoyed it, and, uh, yeah, see you in the next one, peace!


0:00 I made 40,000 in the last 10 months and today I will teach you what is the best model to choose and how to get started with it ASAP so you don't waste any time and you can get started on your entrepreneurial journey.

0:16 Now, coming to the first point, you have to understand that there is no magic business model. There is not a single one that works better than any order, meaning you can go into dropshipping, e-commerce, Asian, consulting, coaching, school committee, there's so many business models that are being promoted

0:35 and so many ways to make money. And each single one, you're going to find big people, like in an agency space, Iman Gadzi, Jordan Platt, and so many more, that are extremely successful, right?

0:46 So many of them, including myself. I made money with my agency, as you can see yourself. So, there are so many business models that work.

0:54 And I will tell you something, It does not matter. Not at all. And here's what, how I want you to choose the right business model.

1:17 What do you want? Now, of course, your answer is going to be financial freedom. You want to be able to make money.

1:23 But in terms of business, what kind of business model do you want to run? Right? Do you want to teach people?

1:32 Because for some of you, it's going to be, I'm the best tennis player there is on the planet, right? So you could teach people how to start playing tennis, right?

1:41 Now, you can also do stuff or sell stuff. Now, you would say in every business you do and sell stuff, that's normal.

1:54 But in terms of this would be a service-based business. This would be a product-based business. Like e-commerce, dropshipping, whatever the hell.

2:04 This would be, for example, agents. Now, I will tell you one thing. Agencies work.

2:17 I'm a proof of living existence of agency owners. I know so many agency owners that are successful. I know so many more that are trying to become successful, right?

2:27 And Why does the model work? It's because you go to someone that has a problem and you go fix it.

2:33 Now, if you already know Iman Ghazi and other people, amazing. What basically an agency is, is you have a business, right?

2:44 You have a business that has problems, right? And I will tell you something. Every single business has problems. So let's say they make cash, right?

2:53 They want to go from this to cash buttons to three, right? So they want to make more money. So the problem is they don't know how to do it Oh.

3:01 They're struggling to get there. Now, what is your solution as a marketing agency? You are the bridge between the current standpoint of a business.

3:16 It can be local, it can be online companies. You can help e-commerce stores get more clients. And usually what an agency does, especially a marketing agency, right?

3:31 A marketing agency, if you already know what a marketing agency, still listen to it, still pay attention. If you're new, you have to understand this.

3:38 A marketing agency, to its base core, helps. If your agency, your marketing agency, is not doing that, is not helping companies to make more money.

4:01 You're not going to become successful. This is how simple it is. You have to help businesses make more money and solve problems for them, right?

4:10 There's a big trend for age, like, AA agency or chatbot agencies or whatever the hell. Why is most of them failing?

4:17 Again, right? Because it has, it doesn't make a clear return on investment. If you do, for example, right, run ads, email campaigns, right?

4:30 These are ways where you can do generate more money for a business. That's why they're valuable, right? That's why that service is valuable.

4:40 If I tell you I'm going to add a thousand dollars per week to your business by running ads for you, is that valuable?

4:47 Yes, as long as I double your money. If I tell you for every dollar you give me, I will give you two back.

4:51 Do you think that's a fair deal? Yes, of course. And that's why people are going to be willing to pay you.

4:57 for the long run not only to close but to retain the clients. Now I want to understand another very important point, which is it's going to be tough.

5:06 And if you think you can make money in three weeks to three months as a beginner, this is wrong. This only works if you have skills already.

5:21 You know how to sell, you know how to set up a business, you know how to operate a business. If you know how to create good offers, if you don't have those skills, It will usually take you one, it took me one and a half years.

5:37 Now I know how to make money because now I have the skills. Now I can teach you the skills. If you don't make money right now, that's because you don't have the skills.

5:49 So you have to learn the skills. In every single business model, you have to learn the skills, fundamental skills of business.

5:57 Because Because skills is what makes money, and skill is what is what is valuable. Why do you pay a doctor?

6:07 Because his abilities and his skills of assessing whether or not you're sick or what exactly you have is valuable to you, right?

6:17 If your skill is, you know how to make money, it's going to be valuable to every single business that is out there.

6:23 If I know how to make money, I am valuable to someone, right? Because I know how to make money. So you have to learn skills, knowledge, skills.

6:36 That is what is going to bring you further. Now, I want to show you a very, very amazing thing that we're working on right now.

6:43 Right now, we're working on a free school community with already over 925 members, right? Where we help you for absolutely for free with classroom sections, right?

6:54 On how you become better at sales, else, you become better at closing clients, cleaning clients. Acquisition, operating your business, and so much more.

7:04 For absolutely for free. The link is down below in the description. Check it out. And if you don't mind, leave a like.

7:10 Would highly appreciate it and subscribe. See you in the next one. Now, uh, see you the next one.

7:27 Now to cover the absolutely most important point You need a reason why. Why are you wanting to do this? If you have a good reason why, you're going to succeed in every single business model that is out there.

7:42 If you don't have a clear reason why, you're going to fail. Because it's going to be painful. Being an entrepreneur is sometimes painful, especially in the beginning.

7:52 If you don't know how to make money, you're going to suffer. You're going to suffer to have to do 200 caucus per date with your agency, with your business, agency's f****** work.

8:02 You just have to learn how to do it properly. So once you get there, you are going to realize all of this isn't what I'm teaching you that are all right.

8:11 So I don't want you to listen to me in this video. I want you to check out our free school community down below, sign up and get to know even more stuff for absolutely for free, right?

8:21 And learn and start getting skills and start running your agency, start running your business and start becoming successful. Right? I hope you enjoyed the video and I want to see you in the next one.

8:31 Cheers.


0:00 I made 39,600 in the last 10 months with my agency. And here is what we're gonna cover today. Today we're gonna speak about how you have to make a better first impression to close more deals.

0:14 And I promise you by the end of the video you will know exactly why and what to do to make a better first impression.

0:21 Alright, so let's get into point number one. First, understand that when you hop on a call The first 4 seconds are going to be the most important on this entire call.

0:31 Because people judge based like books on its cover. What does it mean? It means that whenever you go to speak to someone, right, you will judge them if you don't know them within the first 4 seconds.

0:44 You're gonna judge them based on their looks, based on how they're dressed, based on how they speak, how they walk if you're outside, right, the way you hold yourself, and much more.

0:55 Right, it takes 4 seconds. And guess what? Usually is right and worse right. Usually they won't change their mind. I mean, if you f*** up the first 4 seconds, you have f***** up most of the call.

1:06 Now, in the worst case, you can basically secure and make it better in the discovery phase, but that's very, very bad already.

1:13 So, let's speak about how you make the impression of yourself better. Step number 1, you have to be more confident.

1:21 What does confident mean? Confident means that you have to be comfortable in doing something, right. So you have to be comfortable being on that cold field.

1:31 Meaning, you have to sit back, enjoy, ask him how they're doing, and not be nervous. The worst thing is to be nervous on a call, and here's why.

1:42 When you're sick, you go see a doctor, right. Why don't you go see your neighbour? Because he could help you hypothetically speaking as well.

1:51 Because he's not an expert. He doesn't know about medicine. When you go to a doctor, you expect him to have done studies and to be an expert in his industry, right.

2:00 And so does your client. He wants someone that is capable of fixing their problem. They want an expert. And for you to become an expert, right, you have to do it a million times, right.

2:14 You have to study like the doctor did, right. And how you want to be perceived as an expert is basically you being comfortable and confident on those calls.

2:23 Meaning, you show them you have done it so many times already. Meaning, you know what they're speaking about. There are more points to it, like learning your English.

2:30 You have to most of you don't even understand the industry you're in. So do your niche research. That's another point.

2:37 Coming back to the point, which is you have to be comfortable when you join a call, right. Because that's the first impression they will hold on throughout the entire call.

2:47 And if they start to work with you the entire time, which is, is this guy comfortable in what he does?

2:53 Does he know what he do, right? and the best people like the best liars they don't know shit right they they're lying right but still you trust them why it's because they're comfortable and confident in what they say so if that works why don't you do it and you can just start sitting back on your call

3:14 and just ask them hey hey john how are you doing today amazing glad to hear now john i don't want to waste your time neither mine so let's get straight into it don't you mind amazing and then And you get straight into it.

3:27 That's called the intro of the call. Because by that, they will take the lead. The judgment. Okay, he has done it a million times.

3:33 He knows what he's speaking about. Secondly, right. He doesn't want to waste my time in his time. And thirdly, let's get into it.

3:42 We didn't waste time. Amazing. Good. And for the entire time, I was sitting back, I was comfortable and what I say, and you have to do the same thing.

3:51 And it's not that hard. So actually step number one, sit back, relax, and start breathing before the calls start chilling down.

3:59 It's just you speaking another Stranger than my clothes. Now, if you're more advanced than yourselves, you should still pay attention to when you hop on a call that the four first seconds are the most important one, meaning you have to pay attention to how you appear to them, right?

4:15 The way you speak, right? Now, the second more important step that comes with the first impression is the discovery phase.

4:22 Basically, they will confirm their first impression during the discovery phase, the likelihood of them changing their first impression is low.

4:31 But it confirms it. I mean, how does, how do you do a discovery phase? And if properly, if you don't know what a discovery phase is, a discovery phase is basically when you go to know their business so you can actually help them by understanding what they're doing in the first place and the way they 

4:49 justify and basically realize that what they judge were correct assessment is very simply by you asking them asking the right questions and asking competent questions.

5:04 If you ask them, how, Joe, tell me what made you start your business in the first place? Okay. How long have you been in the game?

5:10 Okay. And do you have any kids or? That are questions that have nothing to do with what you're going to speak about.

5:16 I mean, it comes back to the first point, you know, when we were speaking about, hey, he's not wasting my time.

5:23 Asking the wrong question is going to waste everyone's time. So like you said, to do it properly, just Don't waste time and ask the proper question.

5:32 You need to know, you have to understand, you have to get to know that business so you can actually help them and ask the question that you want or need to know.

5:40 You want to know how many businesses have to work with, right? Right now, how much money are they making? That are questions you want to know.

5:47 So make sure to ask them first. Right? So with that being said, the first impression is the most important part of every single introduction between social human beings, right, meaning you.

6:01 You want to make sure that when you show up, for example, when you shake someone's hand, you do it properly, sincerely.

6:07 You don't know how much a handshake means to the psychology of us humans. We're going to interpret on how the person is.

6:14 So make sure that your first impression is solid, right? If you do that, I guarantee you, you will close more deals, people will respect you more on sales call, and they're going to value your time as well as you and your tears.

6:27 So be comfortable on those colds, make it good first and foremost. Impression, focus of being relaxed, right? And just getting to the point.

6:36 Hey, Joe, how are you today? Amazing. Great. Cool. Now, where are you coming from? Germany. Ah, awesome. Me as well.

6:42 Look, let's get into it. I don't want to waste your time. I don't want to waste my time. Do you think that's fair?

6:45 Cool. Let's get into it. Perfect introduction, not bullshit. Just to the point. Yes. Perfect. And don't be aggressive. Don't be aggressive.

6:55 Just get to the point, right? And be relaxed and calm and get to the point. Now, I hope you enjoyed a video please leave a like and follow and subscribe and now if you want to have more help from us and a community with over 900 members at that current time it could Be over 2,000 the moment you're joining

7:12 . We have a community where you get a ton of help for absolutely free in the description down below just check it out and See you in the next one.

7:21 Peace


0:02 I made 39,600 with my agency in the last 10 months and today I will show you, by the end of the video, you'll be able to not only close more deals, but more importantly, we're gonna cover how you make a better first impression and how that's gonna help you close more deals.

0:23 So, let's get into point number one. First, people take judgments. People judge a book by its cover, right? That's how simple it is.

0:32 If you believe that's not true, then you are completely r*******, because you have to understand, humans have, after that being studied, have seen that it takes four seconds for an average person to take a judgment on the other person, right?

0:47 It means the four most important seconds are the first four, meaning people are gonna take a judgment on what kind of person you are, and how do they do this?

0:57 They they look at how you dressed the way you hold yourself the way you speak, the mimics in your face that you have, and so much more.

1:06 And later on, right, especially in sales, you're gonna have people who are gonna judge you based on how competent you are.

1:14 That's the most important thing, right, for sales specifically, because people buy from people they trust, so you have to be a, you have to appear as an expert, right?

1:23 So, I wanted you to understand That you have to do everything possible to give a good impression the next four seconds of your next sales call, right?

1:33 And how do you do this? Now, I want you to realize that it's not by sitting formal and like this on a call.

1:41 You have to understand that you are gonna have different kind of prospects, right? Depending on what industry you work in, you're gonna have different people you speak to.

1:48 Is it B2B? So business to business. Is it B2C? Business to clients, right? And you have to understand that you have to match Their standards right or be slightly better, but you don't want to have a gap between where you are and where they are and the other way as well, right? So how do you prevent that

2:11 ? Is by when you appear to call and you know you work B2C, don't come and sit with a suit. Be well dressed.

2:18 Don't show up with like sleep pants and whatever the hell, right? You want to show up properly, right? Don't be overdressed if you work B2C.

2:29 Now, that can be different if you work behind the B2B, right? If you work with bigger consulting companies or SaaS companies, you want to dress up properly, right?

2:37 When joining a call with a CEO and you have to understand that people are going to take a quick judgment and the chance of them changing their mind after just four seconds is very, very low.

2:48 Meaning you want to do everything possible to just come across as confident, natural right and make sure that you don't have any flaws right? Or that you're honest, that you seem sincere, that you seem confident, right?

3:06 And competent and you, they have a feeling you have done this a million times because that's the most important thing in sales, right?

3:15 They want to work with an expert. People try trust experts. People trust experts, meaning an expert is the person you're going to go to when you seek a doctor right you're not gonna ask your neighbor to have a look at you, at your body, right?

3:34 You're going to ask a doctor who is an expert and the same thing companies do when they have a problem.

3:39 When they have a problem, they want to go to an expert to have the solution to be helped. Now, if you're capable of giving them that perception that you're capable of helping them, then you're gonna f*** yourself up because then they're not gonna value whatever you're gonna say next.

3:57 So make sure when you get on a sales call that the first impression is the most important one. So ask them, hey, hey Joe, how are you doing today?

4:08 Amazing, glad, glad to know. Now, I want to get straight into it to not waste any of your time. This is a perfect way to start a call, right?

4:16 Because you show respect, you show you've done this a million times and you don't want to waste your own time as well, right?

4:21 And that you want to to the point. And things like that, people judge in four seconds. Now, the second next most important part is the discovery phase.

4:34 If you don't know what a discovery phase is, it's basically you get to know the other person's business, right? So you get most information possible to other person's business.

4:42 So you can actually take them from where they are right now to where they are, want to go and figure out the problem that is between those two realities, right?

4:52 And by you basically becoming the bridge, that's how you solve the problems, right? And that's how they pay you. And that's how you actually close deals.

4:59 And for that, you have to ask. The right questions. The discovery phase is the most important thing in a self-call, right?

5:06 After the first impression discovery phase, right? You have to ask logically and smart questions, right? Nobody cares when they start the business, how did they start it?

5:18 What made them start? How many kids they have, right? What you want to know is to your offer specific questions, right?

5:26 How many clients do you have for now, right? What is holding you back from doing that? Have you tried it?

5:31 How is that going for you, right? You want to know specific questions that are related to business. Don't go off subject, off business.

5:40 Now, you can, a lot of people are going to tell you to build a report. You can build a report in the beginning, but just ask them how they are, but don't speak about the weather.

5:47 It's the most r******* thing you can do, right? Another good question you can ask is where you're from, right? If you do course like this, uh, on your laptop, you can basically ask them, hey, where are you from?

5:59 Where are usually works very well. Don't go into too much report. Report is being built in the discovery phase. And I want it super important as you make the discovery phase like a conversation, which shows you just are generally interested in what they say.

6:15 Right? It's not you asking them to make no questions. Now, I could explain this for like an hour, but to keep this video short, I want you to realize and I want you to understand that you have to do everything possible and human ability.

6:31 abilities to show up confidence on that call in the beginning that you tell them what their gender is. So here's what I want to do.

6:41 I want to ask you a few questions to get your business better. Don't you get to know it better? And then from there, I will help you and see what I can do.

6:47 Right? Sounds fair. Amazing. Let's get into it. Now, firstly, tell me what kind of business are you running? Usually you should know that, but if you don't ask, right?

6:55 For example, if you don't do this, you're literally f****** yourself. So, what's such a bad? So, if you're not doing this, you're literally f****** up yourself.

7:05 So, next time, when you help it on sales call, focus on just being yourself and being confident and have a conversation.

7:14 If you do those three things, you're the best way to become successful. Now, I hope you liked the video. Make sure to subscribe, like, and visit our free school community down below.

7:23 And I want to see you in the next one. Cheers. Jack, I feel you most of you to be our businesses.

7:27 Cluck everyone.


0:00 this mindset will hack and 10x your business. If you do not have this mindset right now, this is why you're not able to scale your business to where you want to be.

0:11 If you don't even make money, even more important that you watch this video. This video will teach you the number one hack that you have to implement into your life after this call so that you can 10x your business.

0:25 So, let's get into it. shift from doer to CAO and I was explaining exactly what I mean by that because too many people don't realize how crucial this is.

0:38 A doer, what does a doer? This is the biggest mistake, especially starting an entrepreneur and like they say, people who are at 5k, 10k do, they do everything themselves.

0:58 They do not delegated, did you not ask? For help, they don't do anything properly and you not have the time to innovate.

1:06 And here's what I want you to do. And I even further need you to do apply a CAO mindset because a CEO does different tasks than a doer.

1:17 And I will tell you why, because the CAO does everything, but not himself. know, it's funny. If you go to the videos on my channel, you will realize that I speak about a lot of the same thing multiple times, but always in different formats.

1:39 The reason this comes down that you have to apply those few important steps. If you watch the videos and you do not apply stuff, you're literally losing out on life.

1:50 You do not make any progress. And this is not something you're learning. If you don't literally apply it. So watch the videos, every single one of them and learn it, apply it, because it's worth it.

2:00 This is free value and I keep it and give it to you for free. So CEO, what does he do?

2:07 He delegate, automate, innovate. The doer doesn't. The doer does himself everything. He sends the email. He do service delivery. And here's a big part I want to say.

2:33 What does a CEO? I cannot spell. Automate. Partnerships, systemize, innovate, automate, delegate. That's a CEO. If you look at CEO of big companies, they have to prioritize their tasks because they have to lead an entire team, a company.

3:08 If you look at what I do, right, I have to take care of 16 people at the same time and make these YouTube videos for you guys.

3:15 I do not have time to send emails myself, or to send DMs myself, or to take calls myself, sales calls, because I have so much more important stuff to do, right?

3:26 Unless you this is doing I'm doing this for absolutely for free for you, so I would love if you would like and subscribe to this channel, show a bit of love, I appreciate it, and in return, I give you all of this value.

3:37 So CEO, delegate, automate, and anything else. You have to shift your perspective from, I will do everything, is how can it be done?

3:46 Let's just change this perspective from how can I do it? I will actually write it down because people are not going grass tip from go from how can I do it?

4:08 To, do you see the difference? The difference is one word, which is it and I. The big f****** difference is that one is a CEO, the other one is a slave, or a doer.

4:32 And if you want to have a successful business and if you want to 10x the amount of money you do and revenue, you have to change this mindset because that will 10x your business.

4:41 How can it be done? Who can do it? Because when you ask how can it be done, there are more questions to it, right?

4:49 How can it be done? Does LinkedIn work? Question mark. Does Joe can do it? Who can do it? But if you say how can I do it?

4:57 You've already said it's you who are going to do it, but he is not defined. How can it be done?

5:03 And with an automation and just change this mindset, you'll think differently instead of saying how I can do it, how it can be done.

5:14 Do this and you'll become extremely successful with your business. You are a CAO, not only a doer. Even if you have zero employees, I will tell you a very, very big lesson.

5:35 Become a CAO, become a leader, and that's how you build businesses. I hope you enjoyed it and leave a like and subscribe.

5:42 I want to see you in the next one. Peace out.


00:00 The dark side of sales. Now, you think, ooh, this is clickbait. No, I'm actually going to tell you today What are the negative things about sales?

00:11 And what do you need to keep in mind before going into sales? Now, if you already have a marketing agency or Coaching business, you know that sales is part of your business.

00:20 So that means That just keep this in mind and know that it can affect you and what you can do against it.

00:28 So let's get started If you are in high-ticket sales, specifically, right? The churn rate is extremely high, meaning you have constant pressure of making new money, right? And why can I tell you this?

00:57 Because I was a coach. I was an agency owners. I closed for both and you have the constant pressure of you being on a call and you having to close, especially if you rise like your living standards and you have higher cost, right?

01:16 Keep on going on. You have to make up for the different kinds of lifestyle you have now, right? Even if you don't raise that lifestyle a lot, you have the constant pressure of, let's say wanting to make 10k per month.

01:30 And because people churn, you have to make that every single month again. And guess what? Again, 12 months, 52 weeks, 365 days to be able to make 10k per month.

01:56 You have to be on sales call all day long and you have the constant pressure. Of you having to close so that you can reach your goals or let's say, cover your expenses, cover your costs.

02:07 And why is this so harming? Because most people cannot live with that constant pressure because you have to be on those calls.

02:15 And I will tell you one thing. If let's say you were getting more and more appointments and then you have a crash, meaning you don't get appointments guess what happens here you f****** panic like crazy why because now you don't get sales calls, right?

02:34 So you don't, you do not make money. But you know what's even worse? Let's say if we take this example a bit further and then let's say we go from here and we go back up, guess what?

02:53 Your confidence actually on all of these calls will be so damaged. Because that's, that's human psychology, because you, at one point you failed to make money.

03:12 Now you will fear of these types not to close. The constant fear of not making money, the constant fear that generates the pressure of you not knowing if you have enough appointments, not knowing if you will close.

03:42 Every single call you go into, it's either you just lost one hour or you made money. Right. That's of course not what you want, but I will tell you something.

03:59 If you do not have pre-qualified league. It's you're going to waste a bunch of f****** time. And if you go towards the last days of the month, right.

04:10 And you have not made the money already. This is especially important for the people who have already made money in the past, right?

04:18 The pressure will get really, really high on you. And you have to be able to handle the pressure without without becoming a b**** and needy because then you will not close.

04:37 That's the biggest mistake. If you become needy, you will not close. So you will have constant pressure on your life.

04:46 If you do sales now, sales is amazing because you make a bunch of money from it. So learn how to, the best way to prevent this is by systemizing business.

05:05 Because then it reduces your pressure because then you can expect what you will make next month, right? And even that you should never be sure of, but that's a hundred percent better.

05:15 This, then doing some form of this, right? A hundred percent better. So next point, loneliness and isolation. If you have to take seven hours per day of sales calls, besides the prospect, you see absolutely no one.

05:51 When I was doing sales for my 101 coaching, I was on calls all f****** day. I had no fun in life, right?

05:59 Because I was literally just being doing sales. Yes, I'm making money, but it was far from f****** being happy because I was all day long isolated, right? Away from the f****** earth, isolated, doing some form of cause, right?

06:13 Trying to make money. And this kind of isolation that you have on a call is different than just, for example, working on your Mac book, right?

06:21 And the loneliness that is created with this is, is like so great. that you cannot even imagine. sales world. Isolate you a lot.

06:33 And a bigger point, which I want to add to this, is that it will take away your mind of growth.

06:56 What does it mean by that? If you have seven hours of calls per day, you will not have the enough time.

07:01 To think about innovations. If you don't know what innovation means, innovation means you being able to think about new stuff and how to make stuff better, right?

07:16 Because your mind will constantly be, firstly, extremely exhausted by sales calls, because if you wish it or not, you have to speak for f****** seven days, every single day.

07:28 even if you're not emotionally taken by the cause, right? I'm not emotionally taken by the cause, but still, I am a human being, which is, I have emotions, right?

07:36 I'm very enthusiastic the way I sell. So it's very drawing. It costs you a lot of energy when taking sales calls.

07:44 So you will not have time and you will be tired of the f****** seven hours of sales. Then you have to do service fulfillment.

07:50 You will never have time about innovating or growing you as a person, which is extremely harming. So that's a point you have to keep in mind isolation is and loneliness.

08:03 And the last point, the chase of vanity, because it's agency, the chase of vanity, especially for metrics, meaning you will strive, but you won't realize that And you probably need 10 clients to get there.

08:29 Or, more likely, 20 clients. And what is the point with this? The point is, you have, you will disregard service delivery, client relationship.

08:56 No matter if you do coaching or agency, if you do this, you will lose the every single one of your clients in the second month, which funny enough happened to me, because you're out for the 10k or you're out for the 100k and things that previously were important to you and to the business, you will completely

09:20 get off shown because all you will try is to make more money. And what comes with this is that you will crash, your business will crash, because you're going to have, let's say 32 clients and 4 have not even been onboarded, like 3 have not even, like 3 are being done the service for, 10 are waiting to

09:47 get the ad started and you never speak to them because you have to do check-in calls because you're all going to be just about chasing vanity metrics, which is chasing for greater numbers.

09:58 So hit it, like make a goal. Or of how much you want to do, let's say take up a month, right?

10:04 That's a good number, but don't do from 0 to 10K in a f****** month. Like I did, don't do it because the problem you come with this, as you do not have the things built out for this, you do not have the infrastructure for it.

10:22 So do not chase vanity numbers. Capiche? So, if you enjoyed this video, like, and subscribe down below. I'll see you in the next one.


00:00 I had over 1000 sales calls for my agency and coaching business and here are three strategies that brought me to 10k.

00:08 Now, to prove I'm not full of shit, this is since the beginning of the year, right now we're October 5th and this is in the last 280 days, we had over 700, wait, about 700 confirmed sales calls, 900 booked, right, and maybe even more because of reschedule and shit like that.

00:24 So, this is only for this year, I've been in business for over two and a half years so we've taking on more than, 1000 sales calls in total, probably even 1200, who knows.

00:34 So, these three strategies that brought me to 10k. First, the 1-1-1 strategy and what is that? So, I'm going to explain you something you need to understand.

00:44 One offer, one service, one niche. That's called efficiency because you have to basically understand that if you have one offer, one service, one niche, and one everything, you have to multiply it, right?

01:12 Here should be a multiplier, right? Because then if you do the combination, 1x1x1x1 and add that together, you do business has, let's say, a number, a degree of one, right?

01:24 So an efficiency I Do not know how to spell Of one, right? Which is super, super crucial. Now, if you don't make this correctly, right, this is what a lot of people I see doing, right?

01:40 First thing, either a million niches or two plus. Like, you can do this once you f****** know how you're doing, but you don't even know how to make 10x10, right?

02:00 Okay. So now you already have two, right? So now let's say you have four services, right? Three offers. And let's only take that though.

02:19 We don't take in the rest, right? About sales calls, because then how many sales calls, different sales calls, how many outreach ways do you need to have, right?

02:25 All of that comes onto, I'm just going to keep this simple. So you get to understand this. So two times four times four is eight and eight times three is 24.

02:35 So by here, you just 24 X the difficulty and complexity of your business. And what's that mean? It means quite simply that now you have the most f****** complex business that you can have.

02:53 And I will tell you an Easy quote, right? I do not know how to type. So, uh, uh, scale.

03:08 So no, you read it, write it. And let me add that as well. It's so sim- it has so much logic.

03:34 When something is difficult, what's the likelihood of failing? A million times more than if it's easy. Because easy scale difficult fail, right?

03:45 So after me misspelling it for four times, you got the point, right? The point is most of you have ten things to offer and don't even know how to do one.

03:56 Most of you don't even have one system which is going and generate your clients money. So. To put that into a point is have one system.

04:04 So that's the combination. The efficiency is one. So combination of offer way of outreach, a price point, all of that have one, one system equals with a millionaires, right?

04:26 because it's the simplest form of running a business because it's the You have to focus on one offer, one service.

04:33 And once you get that done, you can take it off, right? When you have three offers where you constantly need to re go and change this, change that, do this and do that.

04:43 And you never moved to the next step because it takes time from this step. There is X time between those steps, right?

04:54 And the more steps you have, the longer it takes. And that's why, which is step is close client. never achieve it because there's so much time and most people quit and quit here, right?

05:10 Because you have a too complex business, make it easy. And what in terms for your client, one system that makes money is all you need to have.

05:26 If you don't have that, then you need to work on getting one. Cool. Next topic. So systemizing and automating. Now I see so many people not tracking anything.

05:42 So that's one point. They don't track shit at all, right? They do everything manually. And don't ever think about how can I systemize it?

05:58 And I want to go more into this point on systemizing. What is systemizing? An SOP for example. SOP is standard operation prestige, right?

06:12 However you want to f****** spell it out. What does this mean? This means that you could give away to a person, to a VA, to a Filipino, to an employee, this system SOP.

06:26 And that person would be able to do exactly what you want for that specific task. You need to be able to create SOPs.

06:48 Systemizing, meaning, even here, most people don't even have their business systemized in their brain. I know my business systemized, right?

06:56 Here's step number one, that, two, three, four, right? And I can make SOPs about each single one, and actually fine enough, we have it.

07:03 So, systemize it, meaning, you want to be able to give away, in the case, for example, you die, you want to have, for every single step, an SOP.

07:12 And why is that so crucial? Because that means you know what the f*** is going on in your business. Because most people even don't.

07:21 So, systemize it, then realize, oh, I have more than one offer, so kill one offer, and only work with one.

07:26 And the last thing is automation. So many people DiEmanuLi And here's what I will tell you, we did not only have 900 sales calls, we did over 25,000 call calls, not in a month.

08:03 In f****** 5 days! Because I had 24 employees doing call calls and getting appointments, not only for me, but for my clients.

08:12 So if you ask me how many appointments I booked this year, probably over 2,000, right? Or even probably close to 3,000, because this is just my calendar year, right?

08:21 My personal one. But we were doing appointment signatures, meaning we were booking for other people as well, into their calendars.

08:26 So over 25,000 call calls, right, we use automation. And we send more, more than even as of now, more than 200 plus messages per day.

08:43 And guess what? On autopilot. So if you want to have a successful business, I can tell you one thing. It's not by doing 50 DMs a day, right?

08:59 or probably most of you look something like 50 in the eyes. And call calling doing 50 call calls, this is the beginning, meaning you have to find a system that works.

09:13 That's why I tell you systemizing is so important. Once you find outreach scripts, the DM script that works, guess what?

09:24 Then start scaling this, use automations, right? For example, there is one on a drippy for, for, for X, right? That's like Twitter.

09:37 Then you have auto-reacher for IG. Use automations. God's sake, they build it out. LinkedIn. Honestly, use automations to your advantage.

09:57 That's how we can book so many appointments and I can take sales calls and I can do services. Delivery, because I have most of my outreach, like 99.9% automated or systemized and giving away to other people.

10:10 And last thing is endurance. So many of you have a brain, which has been manipulated by people like Imangazi or any other guru, nothing against guru, but basically to say yeah you can get a client in 3 months.

10:36 Now, I will tell you something, this is extremely possible. And here is the point with pre, you need skills. If you don't have any skills, then guess what?

10:58 You don't know the shit to do. You don't know how to create good outreach scripts. You don't know how to create good offers.

11:03 You don't know how to close people on sales call. You don't know how to run ads. These are all skills that you don't have.

11:11 I mean, if you have skills, you can close clients in f****** 30 days. Because you have the skills, but I can tell you for most of you watching this, you do not have skills enough.

11:30 So guess what you have to do? you learn more. Go learn. And it seems so stupid, but people don't do it.

11:44 People think they're over the ass smart and spend f****** a week building a website. And I can tell you it's completely useless, because I've closed over 40,000 euros without a website or even a f****** logo.

11:57 But I made money, you didn't. And what's the point with this? The point this is that it's called skill, leadership skill, right?

12:08 If you want to grow your agency to 10k per month, it's not just, hey, I will do, I will close 5 clients for 2k and I will be at 10k.

12:18 That's not f****** how it goes. You need 50 sales calls per month, so you need to have the time for the sales calls.

12:24 But if you take on sales call and you do everything yourself, you don't have time to do outreach. now as you don't have time to forward which you don't get sales calls again So you're in a loop which is going to keep you stuck if you don't learn the skills how to systemize, automate, and like use automations

12:40 and skills like sales, call calling, and anything else, right? Because if you do 50 sales call calls, right? And you're really proud of it, but you book zero meetings, then what have you gained?

12:56 Nothing. So what do you think you have to do? Let me do it a bit better. Learn, go learn, right?

13:12 So that being said, I want to quickly recap because honestly you're missing out on this. If you don't have an efficient business, you're f****** going to crash.

13:23 If you don't systemize and automate, you will never go to 10k because that means 10k, right? And then f****** endurance because literally endurance is going from zero scale to you making money.

13:41 So endurance combined with hard work and combined with learning is how you will become successful. Now I want to show you one last thing, which is we currently have a free community for call to sales revolution, where we help you with DMs, call calling, courses on gore level, like for service delivery

14:01 , where we have a community that is helping. We even have Q and a calls once a week with myself, where we can go over your scripts, your offers, all of that for absolutely for free.

14:11 So you even get an onboarding call if you're one of the first thousand members. So take advantage of that now, because we can help you for free.

14:20 And it's not to promote every point I just mentioned is not to promote. this are all things you need to do that's exactly why we teach it because you need it.

14:35 That's what SIPA is and people don't grasp it. You have to take up your business and life into your own hands and you have to learn more skills.

14:46 We teach you more skills. So you're going to find the link school.com the sales revolution. You're going to find a link down below.

14:52 So make sure to join it, leave a like, leave a follow and I'll see you in the next one. Peace out.


0:00 Five things I wished I knew before getting into sales. Now, this video is going to tell you exactly, straight up, the five points that I wished I knew when I was starting with sales.

0:10 So, let's get into it. Number one, sales is more about listening than talking. Way too many people think it's about going over some crazy presentation, showing them the world, showing them around, if it's face to face, and all of that.

0:22 No, sales is about listening to the prospect's needs, pain points, goals. If you don't do this, you will never close.

0:30 Many thanks. I it's really about listening about other people complaining about their own lives as to why it's not great and all of that.

0:36 But if you do so, you will be able to help them and be able to close them. So, sales is more about listening than talking.

0:43 So, start listening to your prospect, accept the silence, right, and let them speak. Number two, rejection is part of the process.

0:52 Getting told no happens frequently in sales, meaning all the time. It's not personal, it's learning. learning to handle rejection. Thankfully, it's one of the most important things.

1:03 You're gonna have rejection everywhere. When you start a business, when you do sales, someone will tell you no, someone will tell you you you're too bushy.

1:11 When our business in general, you will fail, you will never make it, right? Understand that rejection is one of the biggest part of sales.

1:20 It's people are gonna give you bullshit excuses, which are not serious, right? Just because they don't wanna tell you into the face, no.

1:28 And the people who tell you no, you will take it personally. , So never take and know personally. Because you are selling something.

1:35 That's business. That's not, they're saying no to you as you being a bad person. It means they don't want what you're selling.

1:42 Maybe you sold it bad. That can be the case. But they didn't say no to you. They didn't say you're a bad human.

1:48 So stop taking it personally. So you have to learn how to get over rejections. Because rejection is part of the process.

1:55 Number three, building relationships matters. I had back then a mentor who told me, you Hey, manipulate people. It's to the best interest because you were helped.

2:06 And then I understood. If you go against what people want and what their mind is up to, they will not live long with you.

2:15 Meaning they will not renew. They will never stick with you. They are the worst clients to be with because they are basically being manipulated.

2:23 So they don't even know and don't even learn and progress because they're being manipulated. So. It's about building a relationship with the people.

2:34 Having a fit. I can tell you, if you have to speak to a customer every single week for one year, I can tell you, you want to have someone as a client that you appreciate speaking to.

2:43 He doesn't have to be your best friend. But you don't want to be this person which is arrogant, which is a pain in the ass to think about.

2:50 And workable around with. So make sure to build relationships more than closely deals. And make sure that you qualify the people.

3:01 When hopping on a course before starting working with them. Number four. Following up. Meaning. Either you follow up or you make them buy or die.

3:14 So these are two in one. Unless you want to call it that way. So first, make sure they pay. Don't leave them before they pay.

3:23 If they told you yes, they make sure they pay. If not, you're just losing out on the most warmest prospect you will ever have.

3:31 Which is someone who's told you yes to buy and just doesn't do it or didn't do it. So follow up is where the magic happens.

3:38 More deals are closed during follow ups. Not on first call. So even if you think you messed up the first call.

3:45 And they will never buy again. Make an email campaign, put all of the prospects in it and let them think about it.

3:50 Think about it. Think offer. And maybe they don't like you personally but they like to offer. So that will make them come back.

3:58 So. Persistence and consistency. o o combined with follow up and determination about really trying to get them to pay. But arguing, argumenting, argumenting for what you're selling.

4:13 Which means, hey, he's why it's gonna help you. He's the return investment. He's why you should do it. Why are you not doing it?

4:20 He's what will happen if you don't do it. So keep on pushing, right? Make it logical. Especially if people have objection, make it logical.

4:28 So. You have to- Follow up a lot with people, right? You have to go in circles with people. That's something that I have to learn with sales, right?

4:38 And over time, I know I wish I knew it earlier, which is really follow up with people a lot of time.

4:44 And that's how you get clients. Five. You're selling your solution, not your product. Nobody cares about an iPhone or MacBook.

4:53 I'm recording this on MacBook. I don't care if it's called MacBook. I don't care if it's from Apple. I don't care if it's from Samsung.

4:58 I care about the solution. The solution is- is the fast, good working, with good quality profile, uh, MacBook, right? That's what I want.

5:09 Which is the solution to a problem which I have is that auto laptops are just slow, right? Or- and don't have all of those benefits that I want to have.

5:18 So, they don't care about you logo. They don't care about your name. They don't care about how you look. If you look bad, ugly, good.

5:25 If you have, like, long hair, short hair, if you're tall, if you're small, they don't care. it. They don't even care about your product.

5:33 That's what I was just saying. You don't care about the iPhone. You just care. You don't even care about the name.

5:38 You care about nothing. You just care about having the thing which offers you a solution which can either be status, money, time, or energy.

5:46 Right? Give you more of those. That's what people are usually in life looking for. So, focus on solving the customer problems.

5:54 People care about the product or the service that can improve the situation and the life conditions. So, it's not just about fear.

6:01 It's just our price. If you understand that foundation, fundamental law of sales, you will start closing. But so, also understand that spending time designing your product or thinking, oh, this is the product of the world, we'll not do it.

6:14 It's like, do people have their problem and can you sell it to them as their solution? So, you have to sell solution and not product.

6:23 So, now, that being said, I hope you really now have a better understanding of sales in general. Now, for information, we teach a law about sales, we The law about how you get your first clients with your business inside of free community just down below.

6:36 So, make sure to check it out. It's absolutely for free. Uh, like, honestly, just join it. And if not, we would appreciate it, uh, like and follow so we can make more content.

6:45 I really appreciate you. And, I'll see you in the next one. Cheers. Have a good one.


0:00 How you can book 30 plus sales calls in a month guaranteed. This is what we're going to cover today. How you can book 30 plus meetings every single month with your agency or coaching business or whatever business you're running, right.

0:15 We're going to cover foundations so let's get into it. First point, your offer is everything. You have to sell what the market wants.

0:22 People buy from people they trust. Two lessons in one. Which is firstly, you have to understand that people Bye Right.

0:31 If I want to have an iPhone, I will not buy a Samsung. That's how easy it is. If you sell me a Samsung, I will not buy it because I'm never going to buy a Samsung because I always want to have an Apple.

0:41 So understand the fundamental rule. This is the most important rule you will ever have in businesses. You have to sell what the market wants.

0:53 Fix the problem that people have. businesses have, meaning you have to have an offer which solves problems. People, you have to be the gap between where they are right now and what I want to go and they have things holding them back from where they want to be.

1:09 So you have to be the bridge between those two things, between them right now, right here and where I want to go here.

1:15 So understand that your offer is the most crucial part to booking appointments and to even getting sales. So having an offer that people want.

1:25 If you have a great offer people will want to come to you. You will do a poster for about it and let's say a community and people will start reaching out to you because they're always amazing.

1:35 If you do outreach to people, never, nobody ever books with you or you'd never get sales calls. You do ads, never get appointments.

1:44 Firstly, never run ads in the beginning if you don't have a good offer. Understand that having the good offer, people will come to you because they are going to ask you, how do you do it?

1:53 How can I be part of it? How? I want to know. I want to be part of it because the offer is great, which is if you can solve a problem with someone.

2:02 Then you will get it. Now for that, you have to know what the problems of your industries are because roofers have different problems than IHVAC companies, than hotels, than medspas.

2:12 They all have different problems, right? One general rule that I can give you is that most companies struggle to make more business or want to make more money, right?

2:21 So they want to have more clients. So align yourself with money. If you can generate money for companies or save them time or energy or pain, right?

2:30 So I had a pleasure, right? One direction is pleasure. The other direction is pain. Save them pain, make them pleasure, right?

2:37 If you have your offer with that, you will become successful. You will start booking more than 30 appointments per month.

2:45 Then there's multiple forms of outreach and ways to get appointments. The best way and the fastest way is outreach. So doing LinkedIn outreach, doing call calls and doing emails and let's say Instagram DMs.

2:58 So DMs, call coding, email. If you do those, you will have appointments quickly and every single month. I do not recommend having ads in the beginning when launching your business because you have to fix and test and make sure that your offer is great.

3:15 So that being said, I want you to start with outreach, which is at a call calling. If you work with local businesses, call calling is most likely the absolutely best.

3:27 It has worked a million times for us, right? Like, like he says, it's the absolutely best. Secondly, what I want you to do, if you work, for example, with e-com, do emails as well and social media, leverage social media.

3:40 Everyone is going on social media right now. Use LinkedIn and Instagram. These are the best two that are working right now.

3:47 Use those to reach out to people, promote them your offer, and that's how you will get appointments. So number one, have a great offer.

3:55 Number two, reach out to the people because people don't even know to this channel. Firstly, follow this channel, like this videos.

4:04 I tell you, you will learn so much. So you're new to this channel, maybe, meaning I don't know you. And the only way I can know you is by you reaching out to me and telling me, Hey Leo, I just watched your video.

4:15 Then I know that you found me that way. If I wouldn't do that video, you wouldn't know that I exist.

4:20 If you're new to this channel, don't you? Right. And so do you have to reach out to people so they even know that that offer exists.

4:29 And with time, with you become more popular. And growing your online size, your online presence, that's how people will know what you have to offer, but you will never be able to grow in the first place if you don't have a good offer.

4:40 So have a good offer, which is fixing a pain they have and helping them to get to the place they want to be, right?

4:49 With as little risk as possible. and secondly have and do outreach if you have the right methods for outreach honestly today's funny have the right methods for So have and have the right methods for outreach and that will help you to become successful and book 30 plus sales calls per month.

5:11 Now, I know this is very just me explaining it to you in a camera. So what I want to do is I want to tell you that exactly in the description we have a full free community, absolutely free community, which helps you to get appointments and clients, right?

5:25 Full courses on how you can get calls with DMS. It's for free in the link below So that is exactly how we book more than 50 appointments.

5:35 At this point, we booked 200 appointments in last 90 days. So honestly, have a look in the free community. We teach you exactly what we do.

5:44 It's below and there will be able to learn in more details. I was covering strategy and all of that stuff and how you can book more than 30 appointments per month.

5:52 Guaranteed. So that being said, I hope you enjoyed the video. And now you know that you guarantee your offer, your offer and the way you Thank you.

6:01 Do outreach is the most important thing, so I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next one.

6:05 Cheers.


0:01 How to land a six-figure job in sales with zero experience, this is what we're going to cover today. Now, what we cover is how you can get a sales corporate job without any experience in that industry or even coming out of college right now.

0:16 So, firstly, I want you to understand that companies don't value experience, companies value skills, right? So, that being said, why do they value people going to Harvard?

0:27 Because they expect people going to Harvard that they have certain skills. And competence and knowledge, right? So, experience doesn't come from it because whenever someone gets hired, they usually don't have a lot of experience.

0:38 Now, why sales? If you want to become a six-figure owner, the fastest way to go this with any nine-to-five job is sales, right?

0:47 Why did Joe created a company in the first place? Because he wanted to make money. So, the only reason that company exists, regardless if you go from Amazon to Apple to Netflix, it's all about making money, right?

1:00 fixing a problem. And that's why they're able to make money. So, if you get along the company goals, which is to make more money.

1:07 So, if you help a company make more money, they will 100% need you. If you can get, make them more money.

1:16 So, how I would personally do it, apply for every single sales job in your city, in your town online, right?

1:25 There's so many opportunities coming out now, which is the online world, sales rate. If you don't know what a sales rep is to say someone who takes on sales call for another company and get paid for commission-based.

1:37 So many are searching for those, even if you're a beginner, because they give you sales program. They teach you even sales.

1:43 If you don't even know how to do sales, firstly, you should learn it. I teach it to you in a free community in free videos.

1:48 So, learn from that. And secondly, usually they teach it to you as well. They spend a lot of time training the new, new employees, how to become good at sales, because the more money the company makes, the better it is.

2:01 And the better the sales reps are, the more money the company will make. So that being understand, now what I want you to do is to apply to every single sales job you can.

2:11 Corporate sales job. Look at different options and honestly apply to each single one. You don't care. And you will see some of them will reply.

2:20 So what, the only thing you have to mention is that you're enthusiastic, that you're motivated to work really hard and that you, your only goal is to generate sales for the company.

2:33 And, of course, more of what you did and all of that, what you do, uh, who are you as a person?

2:37 That's the most important thing. I personally, I will hire people with zero experience if I can see that they're willing to learn quickly and apply quickly and work really, really hard.

2:45 So how you learn a six-figure sales job is by having sales commission jobs, right? In corporate world or online world, in an entrepreneurial world.

2:55 For example, appointments that get paid per appointment they book. Closers get paid for every single close they do. Which is a commission.

3:02 You can get 20%, 30% off a close if you close someone for a certain company. Now, why is this amazing?

3:09 If you look at the Wolf of Wall Street, they're closing over the phone. They're making company money, right? In this case, he was having his own company.

3:17 Most of the time, if you look at Wall Street, they are closers for either their investors or their closers for other companies' investments, right?

3:25 To invest into their funds or whatever it is. So, without going into too much detail. What I want you to understand is that to land a six-figure sales job, you have to work on a commission base.

3:36 How I would even approach this is in either if you work at, like, local corporate jobs, you will have to have a base pay.

3:46 Ask for the lowest base pay possible. Because they will say, why is this guy willing to work so, for such a minimum pay?

3:54 And even better, commission based only. Because that means you're willing to prove yourself to the company. And I can tell you what if you work really hard, if you learn from me and other people how to become very, very good at sales, you will start closing deals and I can tell you the best skill there

4:10 is on planet earth is sales. If you master sales, you will never go broke again. That's how I know that if my business goes wrong and I end up completely f****** broke, I will reach out to every single sales job I can get, which is either online or in person, right?

4:30 And I will start closing for them on a commission based because I can tell you that's how you super, super, super quickly make money.

4:36 I had a friend who is in Denmark and he was wanting to make more money on next to his job, right?

4:45 So what he did is there was an LGBTQ protest, right? A demonstration. And what he did is he went to the owners of them and told them that he is going to sell something which was a merge basically on their behalf because they were selling that, you know, to get funding for the company, for the for the

5:03 promotions and blah, blah, blah. And so to come back to your points, he got, went to that person and said, Hey, I will send them to you.

5:09 And I just want to have a commission. They made $15,000 in three days, three days, right? Doing that process with five boys, just going to the people and selling them those things.

5:23 So sales, if you know how to sell, you will make money. If you know, learn how to do low ticket sales, mid ticket sales, high ticket sales.

5:32 You will be able to make so much money because that's how you get out of the red race, the fastest, or you start having a super, super high income, which is closes and people who do the sales of the company.

5:45 Because if you make me $20,000 per month, I'm willing to pay you five. I'm willing to pay you $10,000 per month.

5:52 If you make me 20, nobody else, I will not pay our IT manager or anything like that, this money you.

5:59 yes, because you make me more. Because you're the closest to a return on investment for a company. So the best way, how you get a corporate job and start making six figures is by offering a fully commission-based business, like off.

6:17 The best way, how you get a corporate job, sales position job, and how you get to 10k is by reaching out to as many companies as you can doing applying today's with CSV and telling them what you want.

6:28 I want to work for as little as minimum possible. Like, that you don't have any problems. I can even work for free.

6:35 I offer to you, all I want is a commission for the sales I do, and I want to show you how great I am, and this is how you will make the most money ever in your life, which is sales, because you don't have to cover all the expenses.

6:47 Your commission is pure profit, right? The business, if the business, if you just sold a product for 5k, you get 1k.

6:53 Your 1k is pure profit. The company on those 4k have to pay expenses. So sales jobs is the easiest way to Thank you.

7:01 Become a six figure owner and extremely successful and profitable. So that being said, I hope you enjoyed the video. Make sure to follow us on YouTube, like and join our free community in the description down below.

7:14 We help so many people for free on how they become very good at sales, a booking appointments and start their own business.

7:21 So I hope you enjoyed it and see you in the next one. Cheers.


00:20 Uh, Dan is probably, Jason is probably your mic, because mine's working. It's you, it's you. It's not for my side.

00:31 I cannot hear you. I guess you're rejoining. Hello? Yeah, not me. Now I hear you too, but sorry, yeah, I guess it wasn't me.

00:45 I'll get it, I'll get it. Oh How's the day me so far? For me brother. That's pretty good man. I'm just resting up man.

00:58 I can't wait till I Feel a lot better than I was oh I'll happen brother. I got into week two weeks ago.

01:05 I got hit by a car Shit, I almost died literally like the car was coming at me like 40 miles an hour.

01:12 I was on my electric scooter I was on a scooter. I wasn't even in the car and he friggin hit me.

01:17 I flipped over the car I broke my arm. I'm pretty banged up my my body's a little bit banged up But my spirit and my my spirit and my mind is good But my body's not agreeing with me.

01:30 Oh down down Okay, good to you so alive. That's at least a good new. No, no, that's blessing. I mean I thank God I got away with only this You know He was coming at me straight straight on.

01:46 He came into my lane. He was making a left turn onto the street I was on and instead of him turning it to his lane, he turned it to my lane.

01:54 Came straight at me and thank God I was able to move my school to just enough that I flipped over the side of his hood Yeah, and I felt pretty hard, but I didn't fight and get smashed into the windshield.

02:08 Yeah. That's pretty good. Yeah Do you want me to be a bit more painful? Oh, forget about it. It would have been horrible.

02:15 It would have been horrible. Damn, damn. What exactly are you based? I'm in Hershey, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Very nice, very nice.

02:26 So guys, and I'm sure please put on your camera. Like I've sent a message to a few people to join.

02:32 We have really got left very nice. Actually, it's very interesting because we are still figuring out how to get people onto this topic, because people tend to be lazy or not even aware of the cause of having taken place.

02:50 Andrew, put on camera, please. Yeah, the funny thing is, I literally just logged into school and I saw your message and it literally said, now, and no W, so it was like perfect timing.

03:03 Perfect. Now, like, let's see if we're trying to get the members a bit more active, which is sad because like the community is so great, we're giving away so much for free and the people are just like, f*** it.

03:13 You know, I used to pay a lot of money for stuff and like, when they don't have to, they didn't take it serious, which is quite sad because if not, we should just remove shit.

03:22 Right. If you don't even use it, we cannot give you good results if you don't even use it. Hey brother, did you ever hear the saying and this is a very true saying of what you just said.

03:31 He who pays nothing, pays no attention, and he who pays little, pays little attention. So that is the curse brother, that is the curse of giving away stuff free.

03:44 Now, guess what? If you beat charge in five, six, seven thousand dollars for this, everybody would be on every single call.

03:50 Actually, truth is, I agree, but that's why I have a premium community for the people who are serious, right? Yeah, that's like the thing, I look and I have so much for people for free if they're not even willing to help on calls which we host for free.

04:02 I'm like, I can give you as much material if you don't even watch it. You're just losing it. Welcome. If you want, you can also put on your camera and just say a bit more show.

04:17 But yeah, that's why we're trying to be able to engage in a new community for free, but if people don't even value that much, we're just going to have The prime community for how long I was with like day at least you get the hospital month, but you have to Yes, even for me from where I come is like charging

04:34 high ticket is like We are starting Charging less so we can help more people And it's like the people don't value that they're being helped to I'm like Do they even is that worth helping me?

04:46 Can I tell you something Leo? No, I'm 47 years old. I've been in business 27 years I know a lot about business and now let me tell you something.

04:56 I read your post. I read everybody's post and the thing is is I recognize value. So even though you're giving it away free, I know how much it's worth.

05:05 That's why I get on the calls. That's why I'm here. Because I mean, when you're in business as long as I am, you recognize the real from the face.

05:15 You recognize the real, the people. Anyway, what is even though you guys are so young, you guys are ahead of your time because you know why?

05:22 You put the work in and I could tell and that's why I'm here and that's why you know I'm aligning myself with you guys and I only joined communities that I find real value in if they don't provide no value or if they're just copying somebody else I don't even waste my time yeah just being honest brother

05:40 just being honest like we're really appreciate because like we're putting our foods and we're like the guys don't value it like the people would pay a lot of money.

05:48 They value every single second and minute they get of help and like the people don't even take the blessings they get.

05:55 I was like, that's pretty f****** sad. So of course, like if they want to pay they should pay me, but I'm willing to do it for free.

06:01 So people get results in first pay. So we might have to change a little bit of stuff because then we want to help people, but if the people are not even willing to work because they've done value because of course they don't have to do as you have.

06:12 So that's a bit But you said you had a level. Did you have a look at it or do you utilize it now?

06:21 Last time on the last call. Yes, brother. I have a high level. I've had it for a long time, but I'm going to be honest.

06:30 When I started my, me and you, me and you have a coaching call later on tonight at five o'clock. I was going to tell you my whole story.

06:37 I don't want to take up everybody else's time here. Yeah, but um me and you will talk about that you know mine on our call tonight at five I'm actually very very looking fault for that because I don't I'm sorry Twenty so yes, that sounds like I love it here a good story, but I'm gonna give you a good

06:53 story And you're gonna love it and I mean you see my post in the group, right? You see what kind of dude.

06:57 I am I'm not no rookie to this. I'm not a Believe me. I know business. I and the my main thing is fails me.

07:05 I'm gonna be honest I don't want to touch go high level. I don't want to touch another technical stuff You know why I want to play to my strength, which is sales Okay, brother.

07:16 I have an 80% closing rate in 27 years of my contracting business Yeah, I am an absolute monster when it comes to sales the only thing I'm doing is transitioning from face-to-face sales I have to get I have to get comfortable with these kind of sales on a webinar and on a Zoom meeting on a Google you

07:35 understand? Once I learn that and once I get comfortable doing it like this, it's no, it's game over. That's all it is.

07:44 You're going to hear my story later, you'll understand why everything is the way it is for me. You'll understand. Now, we have a few other people in there.

07:53 So, Norman, Michael left, let's see if he's going back. Ancho, if you would be so kind, If you want, you can text a bit of a people there online to get them to join the call as well.

08:07 How are you, Angel? We didn't speak because we didn't join the call Friday. There was a call on Friday? It was cancelled.

08:15 It was cancelled. But we have to speak this week. How is your agency going? We didn't spoke about it over a long time.

08:23 No, we had to speak to each other. Mine? Yeah, your agency. Not, like, not that great. Oh, why? Probably just, like, trying to figure out the new outreach methods, so yeah.

08:40 OK, so you would say more outreach here? Yeah. Ask questions. There we go. Oh, ask question regarding the author reader.

08:49 If you want to ask, it's like everyone here can ask questions. So don't feel like the call is, like, for free.

08:54 So ask the questions if you want. You get that. Okay, so do you think the loom approach is better? I haven't like finished watching your videos Uh, so it depends on the volume.

09:08 I have to know if I Instagram loom is not the highest recommended for LinkedIn For LinkedIn loom is pretty good now for IG to promise that most people don't respond Which means you're having to be volume because if you spend three minutes on loom video for one person and you do 20 minutes for 10 people

09:27 and like things like that, you lose so much time and just knowing about one and a hundred people, or if you have a 10% reply rate, which I had most of the time, then you have 10 people replying, so you just did 90 looms for nothing, right?

09:40 But now if you use tax and automations, then you just send a thousand messages per day to people and you guess what's happening, right?

09:48 Then you get a hundred replies. From a hundred replies, let's say you have a 3% conversion rate from that, you just got three meetings booked in a day.

09:57 Now, of course, you have to get to that volume first, but to do that, to get to the volume, you first have to find a strategy that works, right?

10:04 To convert the people, or to get people to reply the first place, right? Loom is recommended for LinkedIn, because people are more active for LinkedIn and are more serious for business on LinkedIn.

10:14 I just more get them into the thing and then, like, let's say on a call and then sell them onto the thing.

10:21 But like, loom we can directly sell them to the thing more easily because it's the same thing. OK, so it's better to just message them on Instagram.

10:30 Yes, messaging on Instagram, and the good thing is if you use up to Richard, all you have to do is just once you have a script build up and try to get all the accounts set up, all you have to do is just reply to the people and observe it, ask like on this call, ask if you want to have them reviewed.

10:46 and most importantly, then you have time. So with the time, you can then do loop, right? So you can then do loop on LinkedIn.

10:55 And so then you do both basically, you can even use your personal IG account to try to loop. So now you do both, but with the same amount of time.

11:03 So like, once they respond, do you think that I should send them a loom R2? That's called basically a VSR strategy, which is very good.

11:15 It's a very, very, very big guy in the industry, our coaching, helping agency owners and basically local businesses, which are two of them.

11:23 And basically, the first message is that it can be a message, it can be a video about whatever the market is.

11:29 That's really matter. Once you have a response, then you basically send a VSR message, which can be white, which can be green, the worth it, I'm missing the word.

11:40 but basically it's the same every single time. Maybe you just send him, hey, he is a loom video, or now you have the possibility to send in IG videos itself, just they're just limited to the size, so the length of it.

11:54 So if you can keep it in one minute in town, hey, he's what I do, he's what I can help you, let's have a call and just put the coin below you can do it.

12:00 Because you can also send him a loom name, but usually you can, you're gonna lose people, but people are not wanting to click on the link.

12:08 But it's like just run a person which out to me and send me a loom link and like you know loom links have like really weird URLs.

12:16 So you're like, is it good? To do that, like if you can keep it short to use it inside the program.

12:23 So you send a video inside the program. So the directly can click play that is I think the person can do it.

12:28 Basically have a video for every single person and then you can improve it. Basically just summarize the most important thing that they will get by working with you.

12:36 and then from their time ahead, it's up on the call. And then you have to test, right? There's no proof of method that already exists.

12:44 You have to get your own method because if everyone would be using the same method, guess what? It's going to burn out another day or two.

12:51 Okay. Michael, nice to have you here. Y'all like put on your camera. That's amazing. Hi. Now I've spoken to you before.

13:01 Hey, man. Hey, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Where are you from? Where are you from? I'm from Italy, I'm the automation guy.

13:08 You're the automation guy. I'm the automation guy. Oh, damn book, like so many appointments in the group. Yeah, yeah. So it's been going good.

13:17 So I started four months ago in the AI automation space. Yeah. And I'm basically positioning myself on LinkedIn as the AI automation guy.

13:28 What I service is mainly custom workflow automations. I have two questions for you. Please. My recent post on LinkedIn did pretty well.

13:36 It got around 400,000 impressions, which is good for LinkedIn at least. My question for you is, because I do lead magnets, right?

13:45 So I post a automation and I tell them you comment this to get access to this. And then they come into the DMs.

13:51 Either they comment, and I have to go to the DMs and the DMs of the Blueprints. So I have a reason to DM.

13:56 What should my follow-up message be? That's my first question. I want to book a call. That's essentially what I want to do.

14:02 Okay, booking calls. Now, you have multiple different things. It depends on what your audience is. You can either go more formal or more formal.

14:10 Now, the best thing can do for a follow-up is self-follow-ups. I think the hate is you saw my last message.

14:15 Do it very self-firstly. That's the thing with, for example, we tried for a while gifts. Gifts does not fit to every single audience.

14:24 You talk, right? Meaning, the best thing can do is very, very simple follow-ups. Meaning hate is you got my last message.

14:29 Did you have time to have a look at it? if you send them a link or whatever you're doing. Hey, are you there?

14:35 For example, how's Debbie? Like, listen, you have to understand that the money is in the flow, meaning it's better to follow a lot of times, but with self-messages, then having a brewed message, why you're not responding to me or like, just do it coldly, having a conversation with it, that's what you're

14:58 doing. So that makes sense. Also another one because I've had I've had around I think eight meetings last week with clients.

15:13 I think one of them or two of them didn't show up. So what would you recommend in terms of the free call and how much how long before the call should I follow up?

15:22 Yeah, yeah, man. I just want to tell you that we have a call and now is Is it, are you all good to make it like what should my message be?

15:29 And also how long before the call should I tell you? OK, is this clients or these prospects? Sorry, prospect. Good, because if your clients are not showing up, then you're doing something wrong.

15:40 Now, prospects, it's very interesting because we get very, very good short breaks for all one-on-one calls. Now, the first thing you have to know is if they like to is incentivized to show off.

15:56 Now, of course, in terms of reminder, there's a lot you can do. Now, either you use go-level or use currently, first of all, currently have like a brand reputation and firstly, this is a good thing.

16:08 And now, for the follow-up specifically, for the course, firstly, you can do it manually on LinkedIn, as long as you don't have money, but also use the automation from currently.

16:18 But they have a premium plan, which allows you to do workflows. Now, we follow up to 7 times, meaning once they get a confirmation of their permanent work and having them to add it to their Google calendar or whatever to confirm with yes.

16:35 So basically the time is being blocked out of the day, meaning that they cannot have another meeting at the same time, or they will see it in the calendar as well, right?

16:45 Just because we sent them a calendar invite doesn't mean it always shows directly to their calendar, right? So you want to have to tell them, for example, a LinkedIn, hey, I sent you an invite, or for example, if they booked like, kindly, you tell them, hey, did you booked it, or you see, or you can 

16:59 say, hey, I saw you just booked. Please just make sure to confirm with yes, any calendar, so we make sure we can speak next week, right?

17:08 And now, for the terms of photographs, we recommend up to seven times. Now, you can do a combination of, and kindly, as you collect the data, email and phone number, you can even combine LinkedIn.

17:18 10 so you already got three ways of following up to them. What is the goal is to have as many touch points with them before the call so they don't forget your name.

17:27 Meaning 24 hours for the call, email and SMS. Then you can do 12 hours for the call but usually that tends to be night so you can do 8 hours before 10 minutes before, 1 hour to 10 minutes before and then one at the moment of the call, with an email with the link, and SMS with the link.

17:49 Why? Because people might have thought what you mean by the link, which is a bad thing. Because then you're like, you just met Mr.

17:57 opportunity. Now you can combine it with LinkedIn. So I would try to get five touch points for the call. So combine emails SMS and LinkedIn to have those touch points on different platforms.

18:09 Because they will get an email from LinkedIn saying them that you message them, which is great because then again they see you on email but from LinkedIn.

18:18 Now if you send them 24 hours before an email and then it's a mess guess what? Perfect, now they saw you three times already, right?

18:27 So it's multiple times as points as you can. I would say if you really want to make it easy, you can do 24 hours before, eight hours before, one hour before, 10 minutes before, and one two minutes before, it's a pipe.

18:43 Do it in that structure, people tend to show up. And lastly, don't schedule appointments more than three to four days out, because if we book out today, I'll forgotten 10 minutes later.

18:54 That's just because I am that way. But worse is if you schedule four days in a head, I'll already forgot a new existence, like completely.

19:03 And you don't want to have this. This is just normal because humans have their own lives. You have your own life.

19:07 I mean, try to have the call for the next two to three days, so also in your kind of settings, only allow them to book a next two to three days.

19:17 All right. That's it. That's the issue. Appreciate it, Leo. Any other questions? I want to be a detailed answer. No other questions?

19:27 Amazing. Other guys here, you're welcome to put on your camera as well. So we can have a bit more of an actual meeting with the people alive.

19:36 I want to know what time you prefer to have this call, because right now they are earlier, so it's Monday, 6 p.m.

19:44 my time, and now the other call last week was later in the evening. We had more people on, so what kind of time do you prefer?

19:52 If you want to keep putting it in the chat, I have to get my charger from the Macbook recessed time.

19:56 So I would love if you just put into the room. Oh, guys, put in the chat at what time do you put for the call?

20:19 A lot of people don't really know there's a call going on right now. I just came from college as well.

20:32 Here in the case, literally five here. And I didn't know what time to call. I can't listen to you well.

20:47 Can you please put it on the chat? Sorry, sorry. I was playing here in the UK at 7pm. No, it's 5pm, so What they are saying is that, for example, in the UK, it's 5 pm, so most of the people is just arriving from work.

21:21 That's why maybe they don't join. I agree. We can have those calls later in the evening, I don't mind too.

21:29 The most important thing is that as many people of you actually profit from those calls. So we're gonna, yeah, if you want, change it to Wednesday.

21:40 So last week, we had a 10 p.m. Less than 7 to 8 p.m. Something that, yeah, we could watch over that down.

21:48 We're gonna see that basically added to the community, right? So basically, we're gonna do it at that time, seeing what day, but literally all you have to do is check out, I'm gonna show it, all you have to do is check out the kind of section and here you can see last week we've got a pre pre nice webinar

22:11 where we go over how to say first clients and as you can see them on this but we're gonna change those right as most to have most people on here as possible.

22:22 Now a whole different thing we wanted to speak about is a group survey wording. As we want to improve the quality of the call even more, right?

22:33 And the community. So you actually start signing your clients because that's our goal. If you start signing clients, then we win because then we have testimonials proof that you know what to do.

22:42 And if you f****** just made money, which is amazing. So to do that, we have to know what you want the most.

22:48 So that's why I made a form for every one of you, which we want you to fill out. So it's very f****** simple.

22:55 It's one sentence as long things, which is email, name, what kind of business you are on, what niche are you in, how many clients do you have, income, what's your goal, what's your challenge right now, what are you, what do you want the most support with, right, this is extremely important so we know

23:08 what you want, what would you help you to get 50 minutes per month, a premium community with more things if that would be some of you value, if guy level uses it, right, so we know what to teach you.

23:21 This is really all about us knowing what to teach you and in return because it's like it's already for you.

23:27 We already do this so you can benefit from it. But because I know it takes you two minutes to do it, we want to give you in return a call with us so we can go over the things you're talking about.

23:38 Right? And basically help you even more. So as I'm reminding you, this is an option for free. We don't have any duty of doing this.

23:46 We make enough money to not have it to do this and we could just have the premium community. Now, we want to do this in a free committee so we can help as many people as we can inside a free committee because if I want to tell us where problems getting needs in first place and we teach you how to close

24:00 people, then you're not going to get any help, right? That's why telling us what you need help is the best way you can help yourself.

24:08 So, don't do it for me, do it for yourself, so we're going to put in the link of the form inside the group.

24:16 So, what we want you to do is actually very simple, you can even do it in the site score because it doesn't take long.

24:26 As just saw, it's like one sentence answers. I'm going to put the link in the chat and I want a few to fill out, right?

24:35 Because we had a few people filling it out, but we want everyone. And once you have done that, you can just go on to the post in the community or anymore or just message us personally and tell us you have done it and basically don't want to invite you to a 30 minute one with any one of us.

24:53 I won't get it. Amazing. Yes. Please ask the question. Don't have any question? I think it was like a mistake.

25:09 Okay now anyone has any question about anything. We're just going to speak on a topic, now start not the case, are we going to just speak about a random topic and we're just going to I think that wants to hear something about my stay here disturbing me.

25:25 So yeah, this is my first time joining your calls and I'm having troubles with getting clients. I think it managed to get my first client and this week I did manage to get someone to meet in thing is I think busy, but it's really starting appointments, Facebook, DMs, I don't have time for calling.

25:45 What do you recommend I should do? Because I can show you my script if you want to just analyze it, but I'm struggling really.

25:55 Okay, that's amazing. Thanks for sharing, because that's how we can help you, right? So, first thing I want to tell you is use automations, right?

26:04 You don't have time to use information. Every single time you have, like, you have to understand business, like one piece of advice that you give you.

26:12 You either have to trade time or money. Yeah. That's like the most valuable things you always have in your life and you always have is other money or time.

26:23 Right. And then of course, they don't, you have network and other stuff but in the beginning, you have those two things.

26:26 Now, if you have money, you can invest money to have all the people working. I have the aid teams working.

26:33 What was it? 160 hours a day in total by the amount of people who are working. It was just crazy hours.

26:41 But I had the money to pay them. Now, before I didn't have any money to do it, I was having to put in the aid hours every single day to get an outcome.

26:50 If you don't have aid hours, you have to miss one. Now, as little amount you have, you have both a little bit.

26:56 In starting, you have a bit of time. That's it. Usually you don't have one a lot of a lot. Usually you don't.

27:04 That's why you're in the first place. If you would have all of the time you wish and all of the money, you wouldn't even run a business in the first place.

27:11 That's why user donations. I'm going to show you two things. I want you to take a look at them and use them.

27:22 Right? Now, first thing I want to show you is auto region. IG and Facebook are the best for DMs, right?

27:28 And it is also pretty good. We have seen Facebook down a lot, right? It's actually a lot of the leads because it's getting shit like a bunch of faults and stuff like that.

27:38 So use IG. Now for IG, there's a tool called AutoReach.com, AutoReach.com, it's better like that, which you can get up to $34,000 messages per month, right?

27:49 with connecting it at geocards. Now, you're like, okay, cool, but I don't know what to do. We were so kind and recorded an entire mastery on how to master the ants.

28:01 Now, I've answered so many of your questions because of what you're recording all of this how to get meetings with first place, especially what you have to pick.

28:10 Now, of course, you're going to have your own scripting one me to record. Now what's the training first and then come back on this call and we're going to review your script and throw it apart and why it's shit and why it's good and why it's you have to improve yeah it is my oh on the one-on-one call

28:28 we can also review it here it's like exactly by fitting out the form you get 30 minutes the review is good yeah now for everyone we recorded an entire gym mastery and we're thing of adding more, but now like after the spoke of Jason, we're gonna see what we do.

28:47 You have under the community this classroom, you have the start here course, which you have to walk, because it's gonna explain to you the entire community.

28:56 If you don't watch this, you have no clue on those calls happening, and what happened in the first place. So watch this, it takes two minutes, two minutes, here's an entire agency set up guide, and it's f****** good.

29:07 So it's a value here. It's a preview of the community you can watch in the other classroom. What tools you need and here again you can book off your kickoff call once you've completed this task because.

29:18 So and then as of here you have the GM mastery. So watch it because it's extra knowledge you have to gain.

29:27 Understanding that the messaging you have to people is extremely extremely important meaning you want to be able to have messaging and offers which are So watch that and lastly go at level if you don't use go at level you literally just you just f****** out as yourself because the goal level was built

29:48 for market agencies is the biggest size company that is out there for market agencies. Like go level helps you with your own outreach and basically everything leads emails you can do all over the health which is even explained here as well.

30:04 Again, we did a course on it. Overview it inside what you get, even go high level or call coding if you want to do it and where you can get it for free.

30:11 Now, all of this is just in the classroom. So use the materials we give you. We don't do it for f****** public, nothing because then within, like, then there's no point in asking it, right?

30:23 We do it to get the help. Now, if you don't appreciate the help, then there's no point of being here, right?

30:28 We want to help you succeed. So that's always for feedback so we can know also what else you need to create.

30:35 Exactly. That's what I take deform, which is here. I think you should not have it. I feel ill, right? So we know what to teach you.

30:44 It's all very long. It takes it two minutes and you get it one and one with us for half an hour for three.

30:50 Cool. I won't got it. Awesome. Any other questions? Feel free to just ask your question as you see. We're just going to answer them.

30:57 Hey, brother. I just want to say a couple of words to everybody here in this group. You know, they weren't here when a lot of people weren't here when me and you were talking in the beginning.

31:07 I've been in the business for 27 years. I've been in business, okay? And I know value when I see it.

31:13 Okay. I was probably the first person who filled out that form that they just gave to all of you because I understood the value.

31:20 Maybe you guys are young and you don't understand value. So let me let me share with you with saying that I share with Leo.

31:26 He who pays nothing pays no attention. He who pays little, little attention. And this is the curse of youth. It goes you think something is free.

31:36 You don't think it has value. So let me tell you guys something. You guys got to learn now. Me? I spent over $90,000 on my education in doing business.

31:46 I have an 80% closing rate face-to-face sales. I know what I'm doing when it comes to sales. I'm transitioning now to the digital world.

31:54 Okay? So you guys got to understand something. Just because something's free doesn't mean it's not valuable. You guys got to under the one skill you got to learn to recognize value when you see it.

32:04 With these guys who do it, I've had kept courses five or six thousand dollars that don't even teach half of the stuff that these guys post.

32:12 You know, so these guys who do it and that are the kindness of their hard. Let me call you something.

32:16 If you guys don't recognize value, you guys are gonna sit and listen. I already know what you guys go through.

32:21 I already bent through it. You got the shiny objects syndrome. There's so many different schools. New schools are popping up every day.

32:28 They're popping up in your frigging DMs. Guys, you gotta learn to focus. You want to learn to be successful in life.

32:34 Let me tell you the key word. Focus. If you don't focus, you get nowhere because you start off this little thing.

32:41 Then you start off that little thing. Then you start off this little Thinking that's what you get nowhere Just learn to focus on one thing at a time these guys are the truth If they weren't if they weren't you think this 47-year-old man will be here You think I would be spending my listen guys.

32:57 I got seven children. I have a full-time job I have a full-time business and I'm starting a new business. I don't have a lot of time The reason why I'm on this call right now is because I know value when I see it You know, I just hope you guys understand that and this is coming from an old man You guys

33:13 don't know me from Adam So let the please listen to my experience and my wisdom Okay, I bet 27 years of the game and the reason why I'm here is because I know these guys are providing real value So that's just my two cents, bro.

33:28 Thank you, thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you I think you wanted to say something you got a question. Do you sell it?

33:37 Yeah, actually today I'm starting a new SMS campaign. I'm targeting Rufurs in the US. So I wanted to, I was using a preview's message, but I think it doesn't, it's not converting very well.

33:57 Like, I can, out of 400, 500 messages that I sent. I only got like six things and also only one show up.

34:08 So can you help me create the new message? Yes. So to first answer your question, you have to be super, super careful.

34:21 SMSing people in the US. You can get very, very big troubles off doing that. So firstly, don't really follow up in the first place because that's like, if they say no one time, never message them again in your life, right?

34:35 Yeah. The worst thing you can do in the US is just SMS. You can span email people. You can call call email people to death.

34:42 They will hide you, but it's fine But SMS is like it's like deep place where you don't want to land because they backtrack you and that it basically go f*** you You don't want to do it.

34:52 So be super careful with SMS and you guys not that being said If you have let's say six people booking on like 500 messages, then you have more than one percent booking right now it can be very way way higher than SMS.

35:08 So the most important thing you script is your offer. So yes, we can have a look at it. But more importantly, what you also want to do is especially for the shop right?

35:16 Because if you already have five meetings, six meetings, but only one show up, the first thing you can do is try to get your first person, right?

35:24 Like the other five to show up. And the first thing. Now the best thing can do if you SMS to them and they reply, But it means they have a phone number, which works.

35:33 Which means what can you do? Yeah, I call them, send them the SMS, and then I call them, but they don't shop.

35:44 Do you book, I mean, you book to call for them or do they book to call themselves? No, no, I call them.

35:52 I basically just send them SMS. So they say, yeah, yeah, call me. I call them and after that, it's like the same as a call call.

36:00 The same script. Yeah. So you book, you book for them. So you're asking for the email and you book a call for them.

36:09 Yeah. Or do you send them the booking link and they do it themselves. I book them. The SMS is just like, just opens the doors lightly for me to call them because I was, yeah, I was, we were texting.

36:23 So it's less called then I called call. But the script is basically the same. I got my A2P approved. So that's good.

36:35 What I would like is help create my or help improving my messaging. Okay. Now you can share if you want in the chat you script.

36:47 But as I think, as it's Now, do you call all of the leads up or do you only call up the people who reply?

37:00 No, only people who reply. Okay, what is the reply rate? Maybe, I don't know, every day, I send like 120, around 120, and out of those, it's maybe five good replies, like, called me.

37:23 do you use the US numbers? Yeah, I guess. Okay, that's good. Now, share your screen. If you want to, you can either share your screen or you can share in the chat you script.

37:35 But now you have to be aware that through the strategies you're combining right now. One strategy is sending it to the via text and calling them to confirm it and basically get to appointment.

37:45 The other one strategy is just getting them to lurk them and basically tell me you're going to call them and then it's a call I know you don't call it a cocoa but it's still a cocoa because just because you told them oh that's funny that's my script what are you got it from is it like I call is now yeah

38:09 no it's actually from Karsten Fox. Karsten Fox. Okay, interesting. Interesting. But no, yeah, I mean, it's what's up. What's that for once?

38:21 Once or twice yet. So hey, this also, and this is what you say on SMS, right? Yeah, yeah, well, I think like, maybe it's because I say, like I have true potential customers and then say, and then I just talk to them, like a normal cold cold script.

38:41 So firstly, it's not a tree, it's a shit number to say. Like, Anshond, do you have like three people that want to buy from you right now?

38:49 No. In the best case, you have one. Right? What is more real? It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie.

38:56 It's a lie. Like, you start off the entire conversation. We'll have them with a lie. And lie is way too big.

39:03 Right? If you tell them, I have a potential customer. customer I have a potential customer or a potential lead looking for a roofing service and I wanted to know if you can take them on or I have a friend in the area.

39:20 Something like that, right? But it's way too u********* realistic. I have three potential customers. Everyone knows it's f****** fake. From the sample, I will not reply because I know it's just someone And if you lie here, I know you were lying for the rest of the call.

39:36 If you tell me how you work with a few people, you tell me you gotta work with 10 people. I know you f****** have not, because then you wouldn't have such a shit script.

39:44 Conversely, right? But it's bad, so if you want to say, hey, I don't like the approach at all anymore. No, that's what I wanted to improve.

39:56 I don't want to say I have three potential because it's a lie basically. Okay, very good. Very good that you change your mind because like starting a business, the best thing can do is start with this truthfully.

40:10 I can tell you, I'm the worst person that adds you will ever see. But I thought, honestly, I'm like, like, complete shit.

40:16 I will start running out soon. Then I can tell I have a bit of experience. But unless I can show you that I'm good and I know how to sell, I know how to book appointments, I'll never tell them today.

40:25 That's why to do is we're going to add a section in the classroom where we put the recordings on the last course.

40:37 We had it here, I just wanted. Under the post, you will find one, we're going to do an entire section for those call recordings.

40:45 Where's the full webinar? Here's how to get your first three class. It's like one hour long, but it's worth every single minute.

40:52 So people loved it, you should watch. right and he is all about Jason was there as well I'm basically to to summarize it but you should still watch it it's about you being honest it means like hey this alone first you don't stop with your name because nobody cares if you have their name use their name

41:12 if you don't have that then I mean you have to so hey this alone I know you don't know me but I wanted to see if you're interested in a publisher, which is a good off, a starting point.

41:23 But now, change it. Be honest. Hey, I've not run a marketing agency before, but I wanted to offer you my help, right?

41:30 Do you mind if I call you in 10 minutes to give you more details? Just play it dirty. And if you add to the fact that you're not going to charge them, but for them, what should work?

41:38 Because it's going to explain why you're going to charge them in the first place. You can get a customer really easy.

41:43 You've got an HTTP approved, you've got an SMS, start f****** running it, but running a problem meaning you're often the first place this shit because you offer someone which is a lie something you have never done before and you know you don't agree with it yourself right someone that hates you imagine

42:01 you get clients right you get five clients I had a guy who wanted to do it to me right imagine you have five clients and one guy comes to you right and let's say and friend of you and you have like some beef with them.

42:15 And just because you want to ruin your life, you go tell all of your five clients that you just lied to them in the face, that you didn't have any previous experience.

42:24 What the f***? You just lost your entire business based on your life. And guess what? They will figure it out because when they will ask you questions on how things are going and ask you to show it and you don't even f****** know it, then it's bad.

42:36 Now, better is when you tell them you have no f****** clue. They give you how and give you money to try it and learn it and then once you know how to get clients so when you know how to get a resource for them you can start charging it because then they're like who you just got me results.

42:52 If you make me 200 bucks tomorrow and I have to pay you 50 or 100. Bro I'll come back to you every 7 f****** day like guarantee I'll not miss a day.

43:02 And that's what people want in business. It's a strategy It's going to generate the money. Do you have one right now?

43:10 I can't. Do you have a right now? Do you have a system which is going to generate your clients money?

43:18 I mean, yeah, I have people. Yeah, you have sex team. They are going to handle all their service delivery.

43:32 It was access ship, by the way. Get it off your head, it's access to people too. Ernest, do you know Ernest as well?

43:39 Yeah. The better file? The better way he's a professional, so you know. I know them very, very well. I was doing the client acquisition.

43:48 So, you can't guess on me that I know them very well. I met a lot of e-smile in London when I went on another end to buy, because I f***** the business book.

43:56 Besides that, besides that point, No, if Zack's does your service delivery do you have a business? The moment Zack's decides and then the f*** off I Will I will keep you clients.

44:09 I do the service. You don't do nothing What guess what it's gonna happen? Do you have any clients then do you know how to service them?

44:19 No, I think it's just at the beginning Roy. Like no It's only only the first three four and once again like cash flow coming in like I wrote start higher appointment setters or like higher media buyers and also good better our sales because you don't know you don't even know in the first place if I hire

44:39 you to book a promise for me but I don't even know how to book a promise how should you be able to do it have you ever thought of hiring a call caller but you don't know how to get bookings with a call caller how do you want him to do it you don't know it either like learn learn on the way I just want

44:56 to learn on the way. I actually run ads for science here in Peru so I kind of know how to do it but yeah it's just like at the beginning.

45:08 That's why that's why it's called learning because you have to do it in the beginning. It's not once you have made it as you start learning.

45:14 Oh f*** no, it's by trying and failing that you learn. So watch your movie because this is how you get your first kinds logically.

45:21 And sorry, f*** Zach because the moment you piss him off or you don't pay him the 50% you own them as well.

45:28 And he was every single penny. I knew 70 of his f****** students that all got f***** by including his own team, which is me including.

45:36 You will be the next one because that's how e-small ruins this world. And behind that is e-small. So if you don't want to run into a scam, which Jason told you, he knows who value is, I can tell you how to not run into a scam, Anzal can confirm.

45:50 Anzal can confirm. Right. Don't running a business means you are the leader. You are the boss. Meaning you have to make your own opponents.

46:01 You have to have your own sales and then service delivery. Once you are the best at the street, you start hurry.

46:09 Right. I would not tell Anzal, hey, let's hire your opponent status. If we don't even know how to get people in your community, right?

46:17 It's because I know how to do it that I have teams doing it now. So you're just giving off your business to someone else and calling that a business.

46:27 You literally have sales rep if you have noticed. Yeah, that's kind of like I kind of have my sales rep for them.

46:36 It's not. Yes. Correct. It's not. It's very very small. Don't take it better. He's building an empire based on you working on it.

46:44 But that's besides the point, do your own business. What should we be on how you get your first three clients?

46:50 Honestly, if you're honest, you're going to put more appointments, you're going to have better clients' experience, more real testimonials, and people you can call up that have actually gotten results.

46:59 Look, Jason just complimented on the work we do. Why? Because we are actually truthful about what we do. Do you ever think that when you call up a client to prove that your name is good?

47:11 Do you think they will say anything about your name? No, in the best case they would say, but Azak and I can tell you it's going to be f****** bad because Zack has 68 other people to manage right Yeah, yes, well, so do your own business start starting a business focus on improving your product exactly

47:30 So the best advice I can give you is go wash your women up We took one and a half hours explaining you exactly cut down how you get your first three class And if you want to have watched that you're gonna redo your script with honesty right but smart do it smart we review it then to make it smarter right

47:49 which means it's better and actually interesting to them and then you use that so what do you what do you do you okay but what do you suggest like to not charge at the beginning or okay okay if you're serious out of your business watch it you have to tie if you're not serious you can and give it up for

48:08 now, be serious. Because that's the lazy approach. Isma is offering you the lazy approach, but business doesn't like lazy people.

48:18 So watch where we're not, because it's going to explain to you, you have to understand why. What un-teaching works. And once you have done it, once you've understood it, watch it, read your script.

48:28 We're going to redo it better together. Let's take a look at the zone, how you become more confident, and how you can sell online as well.

48:35 Right exactly the trust is a very very big thing. I can tell you gonna have no trust When yeah, yeah, you know my guy is doing it work.

48:43 He's called Zach. He's gonna do his work. Yeah, f*** out So I figured answer the question Yeah, okay, so I'm gonna watch the webinar around improve my messaging Wonderful Joel nice to have you here.

48:59 Awesome. Tell you have your camera on everyone else would appreciate if you do as well I'm doing fine, man. How about you guys?

49:06 We're doing awesome. We're doing awesome. It seems like you're also Yes, very, very nice flag Sandy your California to be exact.

49:18 Yeah, I'm pretty excited to be here found your group But you let she stand in the end being following your process and here I am Very good.

49:27 Very good. Oh, he was doing his job. Very good. Good. So what do you do? What do you do? Um, geez.

49:35 So what do I do? Just a little bit about myself, I guess. I've been in sales and marketing for 25 plus years.

49:43 Ran a successful marketing agency before the school. Just recently closed down my fitness studio breaking motor business after eight years here in San Diego, California.

49:53 last year and let's see here been an entrepreneur since 2008. Recently transitioned over to the solar industry as of January and I still basically solar over the phone and yeah what I'm doing right now is jumping into AI because I want to restart my agency obviously with AI and run it in tandem with 

50:22 with them currently doing right now, which is selling solar. Not specifically for that industry. I have a vast experience in various niches, so I'm going to see which one is going to be the best one for me, and run it tandem because one thing I found out about solar, which I knew, was, well, commission's

50:43 good, but once you make that sale, you get to go find the other deal. And every business that I've had prior to this has been always a recurring model.

50:53 So, recurrent EFT is something that I miss dearly. I like to come into the first of the month and know that I have X amount of money coming in.

51:02 And anything above that would be extra. So, yeah, that's where I'm at, man. I'm still learning how to spell AI, you're not my kind of A right now, you know what I Very nice, very nice.

51:19 Cool. So like you said, you're still deciding on what niche you want to go into. So do you want to use AI for yourself or do you want to more over all of our AI to say something?

51:32 So good question. And so number one, what I'm doing now, I'm building processes and systems. I'm all about processes and systems to make my sales process in the solar industry more effective.

51:44 So I'm able to close more deals, right? So that's priority number one because that's what I how I make my money right now, right?

51:51 In other words, if I don't kill, I don't eat. So that's priority number one, number two. In terms of what niche I'm going to select, As I said, I have like 25 years of sales and marketing experience, owning specific businesses in different niches.

52:07 So I'm going to pick a niche that I have experienced in. So for example, the last, the business I had prior to this was eight years of owning a fitness business for eight years, right?

52:19 So I might try that in terms of a niche, you know, or am I trying mortgage or am I trying insurance?

52:27 You know, I have a couple to pick from and, you know, to what you're saying to Alonzo is like You do have to have experience.

52:36 You have to go and show and Lead by example, right? So yeah, what are you saying is dead on and you got to pick up the phone get your teeth knocked out and Go through the process before you can teach anybody else how to do it But anyway, so that's that's kind of where I'm at man tandem make myself more

52:54 efficient close more deals in the solar industry and at the same time launch in AI you can see that's either going to go into the solar industry or it might not.

53:04 It just depends. Awesome, awesome. It seems like a very, very beautiful story and shows what being an entrepreneur is, right, still continue on learning even if you are probably both way wider and business than I am, right.

53:20 I'm specialized, let's say if you want to call it that way, a client acquisition for all nine companies, targeted local businesses and all nine companies.

53:28 That's why I do it. Have I run a solid business, no. So I think we can match skills here, very good along.

53:34 So of course, use it to the best advantage while I'm king side is community. I agree, man. I agree, man.

53:41 It's one thing the reason I'm here, I mean, I say I have 25 years in self-experience, but I'm by all means no expert, right?

53:51 and I'll be worried about anybody saying that they're an expert or a girl because you're not. Things change so fast in any industry, especially in the AI industry that anybody run away from anybody that says they're an expert.

54:06 You know, I'm here humbled and ready to learn from people that are doing it more than I am. And that's that.

54:14 Please show me. Awesome. Let's hear it. By the way, quick question. Do you use God level for yourself? Yeah, for the last five years.

54:25 Awesome. Because I was like, there's a chatbot you can use with AI as well. I think if that's a product, you want to use yourself.

54:32 Yeah, I looked at that. I actually deployed an AI bot like three weeks ago, not to go high level one, but currently testing it with the solar industry.

54:43 and it's converting good and not as great as I like to be but yeah it's yeah already testing stuff but in fact I'm about this close to launching I guess I'll tell you guys now I'm gonna launch in the fitness niche first at the domain name website you know branding it's all done I just literally have 

55:05 to just pick up the f****** phone and start making calls yeah awesome that's That's f****** amazing news cool then awesome to have you here as well.

55:13 I just want to tell you enjoy the community take as much as you can from it help others You have a lot of experience Hope to the young the people in this young generation trying to make it work as well I think there's a mutual that I fetched you both Because like young boys tend to have you know be some

55:31 AI freaks There's a people that are very very up-to-date and things like that. Yeah Yeah, I'm open to grab combos if you guys have questions.

55:43 Yeah, I'm open to help people with no problem. Awesome. Cool. Then we just want to tell that we have you probably going to get a lot of stuff for coming from us the next couple of days because we're launching a bit big community, which is in pre launch if you want to call it that way.

56:00 So just be excited about that, just have your eyes open inside the community and invest and you're going to be seeing that so with a bunch of features, but a lot of help especially coming up soon.

56:13 So yeah, I hope you all enjoyed the call today and I would just say just look out for the kind of whenever we're going to have the call, we're going to change the times to make sure that like everyone gets in and can profit from those calls.

56:28 So just look in the kind of just be active in community and just last thing if we can ask you from one last thing I already mentioned it but few people join late is a form I just put it to the community this was to know what exactly one's inside to three communities So if you can take both those two 

56:44 minutes So we just know what you want and as a thank you We just want to give you a 30 minute call with me or answer and basically help us help you As much as we can So I think that's a double win for you in a win for us because then we can teach you what exactly you need so absolutely man Thank you,

57:03 appreciate that Then that being said I wish you all a wonderful afternoon evening morning depending on where you're based and Then I want to see you next week with 100% trolls trouble and 100% energy back in work in those calls So I won have an amazing week Thank you.

57:23 Thank you, Andrew. Bye-bye


0:00:00 to it, learn as much as you can, and let's get into it. So. When you go buy a car, right?

0:00:05 And the person who is selling you the car has never f****** built a car before. And the guy tells you it's gonna be 15 grand for that car.

0:00:11 You're like, you've never f****** built a car before. I don't wanna die in that car. I don't wanna lose my money.

0:00:17 Right? Spending on that car. And you have no clue of what you're doing. Logic, right? Every business started by doing something small, either for free, a free trial.

0:00:28 And that's what you have to understand. You have no clue of what you're doing. You have never done it before, which is completely normal.

0:00:34 Even if you watch hundreds of modules on how to run ads, it's not hard to run ads. It's they were building a system.

0:00:40 That can generate your client's money, right? Now, understand that to get your first client, what is super important is that you have to give them value, meaning you have to show them that you're worthy of that money, not to yourself.

0:00:56 You can do meditation about how great you are and that you deserve money. In the end, they don't care. The only thing they care about is how much you can help them.

0:01:03 And if you have never done something before, should you charge for it? No, of course not. It's like when you go, for example, making an internship into a company.

0:01:13 Do they pay you? No, for the same reason. You have no clue. So they give you a chance to learn inside a company.

0:01:20 They give you a chance. So really what we're out for is searching for people that are going to give us a chance to work with them.

0:01:29 Why do we do this? Firstly, we have the possibility to get experience in what we do, find out the system that actually get results to our client.

0:01:39 And lastly, most importantly, we get testimonials, right? So when we actually sell something, when we start selling it, because we have now a system that works, we also have proof that it works.

0:01:50 And that's the most important thing, right? When you see people like Alex Ramonzi selling you stuff, you know that what he's saying is going to be good just because of the entire system.

0:02:00 He gives you for it before for free, right? And the same, like that's logical brain, like logic that people don't apply because like, that's not what mentors tell you to do.

0:02:12 But the fastest way, if you really want to get clients in, let's say the next 30 days or 90 days, firstly, I have to tell you, it usually takes longer than that.

0:02:20 But if you want to do it as quick as possible, be willing to give away your time for someone else to get the experience, to get a service that actually works and have tested more so you can start charging.

0:02:33 Now, the best structure that we have found working for other people is very simple. So. The first client you offer to work absolutely for free, meaning you work for free.

0:02:46 Do you have to pay for the expenses? They have to cover the expenses. For example, as well, marketing agencies, meaning adspen, you don't pay adspen.

0:02:54 So they give you a chance by giving you that 1k into your hands for you to work. So they trust you already with the expenses.

0:03:05 Now, they don't pay you, meaning you offer yourself as free help to the company. If you come to me tomorrow and tell me you want to work for free to prove yourself that you're great and you know what you're doing, of course I will say yes.

0:03:19 If it's that what I need, I will pay you. Of course I will say yes, and I will give you a chance if I think you can do it, right?

0:03:25 Now, we're going to go more into it and how the people are actually going to tell you yes and say yes to giving you a chance, but the most important thing you have to understand is that people are not going to be willing to pay for something that you have never done before.

0:03:40 You have no proof. You have no confidence when you speak about it, right, because you've logically not done it before.

0:03:45 So, it's like, I'm nervous on a seance call. Of course you are. You have never done it before. And instead of being honest, on top of having no clue, you're lying and saying, yes, I've had past experience and let's, let us work and pay me 2k upfront.

0:04:00 So, to first client, just see it as a learning experience and work for free, offer them help for free, right?

0:04:11 By doing that, you learn how to do service delivery, right? And I'm not telling you to work for free for eternity.

0:04:17 Do it for one month. Now, we as marketing agency, See ya. We generate leads with marketing on a market with ads, right?

0:04:24 Most of the time. If you can do email marketing in multiple ways, right? But most of us do ads, right?

0:04:30 Now, when it comes to ads, you don't want to have any running expense. So if you use guide level, which I hope most of you do, if not, we're going to show you what guide level is, if you have questions during the Q&A.

0:04:40 Now, secondly, you're also going to have to pay ads. Now that is what they have paid. So you work for free, but you don't have any cost of seeing it.

0:04:49 So you're trading only your time. You get the experience and the testimony, which is a pretty nice deal, honestly. Now you do this for one month and why do you do it for one month?

0:05:01 Because then you tell them, Hey, in one month, I will do my best to give you the results, right? You can even extend it to three months, but I would not like at one point you want to be paid.

0:05:10 Right? So how does it work? So all you try in that month is to give your absolute best to actually get results because then you have the testimony.

0:05:19 So you work for yourself. You don't work for them. You work for yourself to get that testimonial and a system that generates money because people buy from people they trust and to get a trust in the first place, you have to show that you know what to do and you know, you have knowledge and you have value

0:05:35 to give to that person, right? Now, first month you work for free. Then, if the results are great, you can continue with the client telling him, depending on how great the results are, either you can continue on a monthly fee, a low fee, because, hey, look, this is what, this is how you frame it.

0:05:56 I've worked for you for, for one month for free, you see the results, we have brought you money. More money than you have spent, so, we make you more money by working with me, right?

0:06:07 All I'm asking for is a little fee, which, of course, cannot exceed the amount of money you made them, right?

0:06:13 So, you can ask for a little fee, monthly fee, and everyone says, retainers don't work! It's because how you frame it doesn't make sense.

0:06:23 Of course, I'm not gonna pay you $2k per month in this first month because I have no clue that what you do actually brings something to me, to my company, right?

0:06:32 See it for yourself. Always, the best example is to take it for yourself. If I would come to your business and tell you, I'm gonna book appointments for you, right, and it's gonna be $2k per month, but I don't tell you what we're gonna what you will get.

0:06:42 It's like, oh, of course I will not say yes. Like you will not say yes. But in the case that I work for free for the first month and then I tell you, look, I booked you 50 appointments, you close 10, let's say you made $5k and I want $1k for the next month and I will do the exact same thing because I

0:07:00 showed you I can do it for a month. Meaning if I can do it for one month, I can do it for two months, I can do it for three months and even become better, right?

0:07:07 Now that being said, how you frame it is, hey, all I'm asking you for is if you can give me a little pay per month.

0:07:16 Now what would you say to your fingers fit? You can take that approach or if you're more self-confident you can ask for a certain amount, right?

0:07:24 But of course, never exceed the money that you made them. Of course, minus the expenses in the first place, right?

0:07:30 Let's say you made them 2k, but they paid 1k for the ads, right? You cannot ask for 1k, right? You can ask for $500 per month, $300 per month, but already you have a paying client and that's, that's more than 31 days.

0:07:44 So understand this, if you're not even able to get resources in 30 days, why do you think someone would even pay you monthly basis in the first place?

0:07:54 no one will right if you go to let's say a roof and Tom 2k per month or let's say I do this performance-based, but with a setup fee, but you don't even deliver in 30 days, then it's like, at this point you can do it for free because you either didn't deliver it all.

0:08:13 Right. Meaning what I'm saying is if you actually know a system that works, you will guaranteed make even with a free client in a second month, you will make money.

0:08:23 Guaranteed. Because it's just logic. Right. If you make someone money, he's going to be willing to give you money in return.

0:08:30 If you give me $200, I will give you $100. You just gave me 100. This is how, like, logically you have to approach your agency.

0:08:39 Now, first client, first month for free. Now, good question is, what happens if you fail? You have been honest with them.

0:08:47 You told them that you don't have any experience and you want them to give you a chance. Meaning, if you failed after one month, you tell them, hey, either we can continue working because you see my efforts and you see we have, you have hope in me that I'm going to do it.

0:09:00 Or if not, you don't have to fail. You don't bad. You don't have to justify what I paid 2k. You don't have to work with any disputes or refunds.

0:09:08 No, you just had experience to learn and you realize that you're not as good as you thought you are, which is completely normal because you're starting.

0:09:16 And you don't have to feel bad because they agreed to give you that chance. Meaning you can go to the next person, right?

0:09:22 But you can go to actual and ask her, Hey, can you give me a chance? Right. And I will do my absolutely best again.

0:09:29 So it's like you have unlimited tries because people don't pay you. Of course, they have the expenses of the ads, but you can't even get started with less than 1k right now.

0:09:39 Most businesses have more than 1k. If you look at. Rufus, if you actually know your niche, which you definitely should, you have, you're going to realize that they make millions in revenue.

0:09:52 For example, roofers, they tend to make more 10 million in revenue per year. Do the profit is 5%, meaning the profit is only 5%.

0:10:01 So they don't make a lot of money. But the expenses are high. So 1k of 20 million doesn't mean a shit to them.

0:10:06 So they're more likely to give you the chance because you don't cost them. So they don't take risk with you.

0:10:12 And then you can justify why, even if you are shit at ads, why they will still benefit from it. So just to put a quick note on it, even if you're shit at ads, you're always going to get results with ads.

0:10:25 The worst case that happens is that people are going to see your business because that's how ads work. Meaning, Facebook or Google or YouTube or whatever ads you do, TikTok ads, are going to show you ads to people.

0:10:37 And that's what you pay for. Now, how many leads you get depends on how good your ads are. But, uh, so in the worst case, if I go to Angela, right?

0:10:45 And I tell her, I'm going to run ads for you. In the worst case, people are going to know your name.

0:10:51 People are going to know what you do. And in later on, when you tell them, Hey, you're look, we already saw each other.

0:10:56 So in the worst case, you get attention and then you can justify it with this. In the worst case, if I'm completely shit, you will get attention, which is amazing.

0:11:05 So there's nothing to lose everything to gain. That's how you can frame it. Meaning you reduce the friction. So the reason why to work with you to so low that people are not going to say, no, that have the, like the funds, right?

0:11:21 The only issue then is going to be the company I work with. But besides that, there is no reason to why people are not going to work with you.

0:11:28 Now that you have a system that actually works, if you think you have, which you should have and that we're going to test it with that first client, we will test if your system is good after first month, you can go to the second month and start charging for it.

0:11:42 And if you can, don't want to take it monthly, take it performance based, meaning, hey, if we bring you three new codes, are you willing to pay me 200 bucks?

0:11:50 Right? Or let's say 300 bucks to make it easy. If they agree to it, awesome. Now again, you made your first money because if you made them money in the first, in the first month, will you make the money in the second month?

0:12:01 Most likely than ever, yes. Meaning, if you even agree to the performance deal, you're going to make 300 bucks. Did you have those 300 bucks in the first place?

0:12:10 No. That's how you have to approach business logically. No matter what business you build, you have to prove that you're good.

0:12:18 Why do you think we do this Q&A call? Why do you think I won't hear me an answer and all the speculations?

0:12:23 I'm spending the time here, right? Why do I have a free community? It's to show you what we can teach you and how it can benefit you.

0:12:29 And if you think it's great, then you can join our premium community and get more help. Right? But that's why we do for free, because to show you how good we are.

0:12:38 That's a simple, that's a simple equation that for every single business you build, you have to go that road. And that's how businesses grow.

0:12:45 Because if you're shit at it, then you become better by trying, not by selling it to people and realizing that it's shit because that's calling scamming people.

0:12:56 So, now, let's say you have a first client and you actually, because the offer is so good, people say yes.

0:13:03 Right? And then you have like five meetings booked and you don't even know what to do. Of course, you want to have more than one client.

0:13:09 So, for the second client, what you will tell him, so after, let's say, after you have the proof of the first client that it worked well, and let's say you're onboarding a second client, what you're going to tell him is a performance deal.

0:13:20 Again, no friction. And then you justify it with the same reason in the worst case, you get, you get eyeballs, people seeing your ad, people seeing your ads, people see you, your company, right?

0:13:31 Meaning you get a performance deal. Now, if it worked in the first moment with the first client, guess what? You're guaranteed to make money again.

0:13:39 And if your service is shit and it doesn't work again, what do you do? You offer to work for free.

0:13:45 So you go to the next person and ask for a chance. It's all, like, f****** logic. It's, it's like crazy how logically this is explained.

0:13:53 So if it failed with the first one, for one month, you say thank you. Hey, thank you Enso for having given me that chance.

0:14:01 I really appreciate it. I value you a lot and honor you. Honestly, thank you so much. And I'm very, very sorry, uh, that I was not able to deliver.

0:14:08 And honestly, like, just thank you. And you move on to the next one. And that's, thank you Enso. And that's all you have to do, right?

0:14:17 Because now you go to this next one and try again. You do this till you have a system. And that actually works because let's say you bring ads, meaning ads in one month, you can definitely get results, right?

0:14:30 So once you have the system that works, you go to the second client. So after you have a system works, you can go to the second client and offer him a performance deal.

0:14:38 Why? Because you are guaranteed to make money again. And now, once you have two people, two testimonials that actually work, you have two clients, which took you less than a week to onboard, because literally close to everyone is willing, as long as they have money to spend on ads, they're willing to

0:14:53 work with you because it's free, right? That's why our community is growing so, so fast because it's free. And the same thing you have to do, people are going to say yes because it's free, less friction, right?

0:15:04 It's like, if I'm going to give you a hundred bucks, so I'm joining, if someone's going to give you a thousand bucks, will you say yes?

0:15:11 Yeah, most likely, right now, from the second client, you have two testimonials now, and usually because you have done a good job, they will be on a good side with you.

0:15:23 Man, you can even up, ask them to refer your business, right, refer your people. Now, either you can stick on a performance model, because you know that your product is so great that you will always make money by delivery, or you can start asking for upfront, because now you can show them live Facebook

0:15:41 ads, you can now show them testimonials, you can, you can now call your actual client, and he's gonna confirm that you're good.

0:15:49 Now you don't have to be crazy at sales anymore, you don't have to fake it, you don't have to, like, do a bunch of shit, you just share him.

0:15:58 Here's a sol- like, a solution we have. Has made money to this guy, and this guy. You can call him up, you can go visit them in your office, you will see they have made money with me.

0:16:11 Right? So you're guaranteed to make money with me, because I've done it in the past. If I can do it for two companies, can I do it for three?

0:16:17 Yes. Voila! And now you can charge retainers. Because if you come to me, and show me a live fake, Facebook ads of other clients that are performing, do you think I will say no?

0:16:30 If I have the money to invest in ads, I will say yeah, because you have actually something, which is of value for me, which is you giving me a positive return on investment.

0:16:39 So side note again, usually the biggest problem companies have. Or the biggest goal they have is to make more money.

0:16:47 So either they don't have enough money or they want to make more money, like 90% of the cases of the times, right?

0:16:54 Meaning optimize your offer and your product to make them money because yes, you can, you can work to help them save money.

0:17:05 So everything that which is related to money, why do companies exist in the first place is to help people make money, right?

0:17:12 It's like to make money. A company exists to make money. This company money, every single company exists to make money now, except the next person.

0:17:19 And so do you have to do it build something around value what is value so that most people don't understand it's the wrong agency.

0:17:27 Then I'm going to do ads because I want to do ads. But what is the sense of doing ads? The sense of doing ads is to make them money.

0:17:34 And with ads, you can make a very easily positive return investment in my business. That's why ads are so famous, right?

0:17:41 Now you can give a company a positive return investment with emails. That's not the point. But the point is you have to give the value to your company in the first place, right?

0:17:50 Means that we are going to help you make more money. Now, you can frame it as leads, you can frame it as whatever the hell.

0:17:55 And then it comes back through how much more money can you make to your company, right? What's the role as you can give to your company?

0:18:02 So, oh, LY, so return on the- investment. That's all what company wants. And if you understand the simple f****** reason goal and like, rule if you want to call it.

0:18:13 That you have to provide value to a company which is going to help them to get to the next goal they have, financial goal.

0:18:20 So help them make more money. Then as- and then if you have a serve- So, which is proven to work at the price which makes sense because it means you're not overcharging.

0:18:31 Because if you overcharge you're killing the margins. Meaning as long as you make them actual money. That's like the thing.

0:18:36 As long as you make them a positive return investment. So as long as, for example, I give Anshor $1 and she gets me $2 back.

0:18:45 I'm always gonna say yes. And as long as this is the case, you can charge 50 cents. Let's say for that deal.

0:18:52 Right? Meaning I, I pay $1 or let's say $1.50 and I get $2 back. I'm still winning. On every dollar, $1.50 I spend, I get 50 cents more back.

0:19:05 And that's how those 50 cents is your money now. This is your bank's work, a bit complicated but simplified. Now, this is how you can even get a retainer.

0:19:16 Because the retainer is just simplifying how you get paid. That's why, for example, in the second month, that's called, you can call it the trying horse offer.

0:19:25 Which basically works like that, the first month you work performance-based. And after having proven yourself that you know what to do, in the second month, you say, hey, I don't want to make it super complicated with tracking performance yield and it's your profit, it's your business.

0:19:39 Let's make it simple. I make you money. And all I want is 1k per month. And I will do, The max to bring you a positive return on investment, because I have to.

0:19:49 Because if I don't give you a return on investment on your money, which is greater than 1k, you're not gonna pay me next month.

0:19:55 And with this argument, they know you will do your best to bring the money again. And if you have done it one month, you can do it two months.

0:20:02 If you can do it two months, you can do it three months. And so you get a kind of, Retainer.

0:20:05 Retainer. That's how you get a kind of a retainer. And why do you wanna have them a retainer? Because performance is a shit and people tend to always try to hide money and whatever the hell.

0:20:14 Right? It's, it's a nightmare. I've experienced myself, I've lost a bunch of money, luckily there are a lot of honest people as well, which is nice in this world.

0:20:23 But, in the beginning, that's the only, How do you get clients fast? And like that, you can get clients in 10 days, if you work 8 hours a day in YouTube call calls, you can get clients in 20 days, in 30 days, in 60 days, in 80 days.

0:20:35 It does not matter. Also for putting on your camera. Now, this is how you get your first client. And now, it's like, how do you even get, So you have to have an each, right?

0:20:47 Honestly, I'm gonna tell you one big lesson. If you don't have not already watched to start here module, first the engagement community, because the value is crazy.

0:20:55 The start here calls explains you how to get started with your agency super fast without wasting time. Because we are here to actually learn how to make money, get the skills, and be able to reach our goals.

0:21:04 We'll see you right? That's exactly what we're here for. Now, meaning you have to have an each, every niche is like as easy and as hard.

0:21:13 In the end, if you look at the additional every single niche, someone might easier to run as, but harder to close, some are easier to close, but harder to deliver.

0:21:22 For example, we say agents super easy to close or to get appointments. is harder to close, right? In every way, every niche is as hard.

0:21:29 So switching niche will never solve your problem. Small node. Now, getting back to it, there are few channels where you can get clients.

0:21:36 Inbound, outbound, basic, or ads. Mostly, likely when starting, you don't have the budget to go into ads. So that's what we take away.

0:21:44 You have all breach. reach. Which is outbound or inbound. So outbound is probably going to be the best one. Why?

0:21:50 Because inbound, it takes three to six months before you get leads. Right? For example, we're starting YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn, building up this profile.

0:21:59 We don't expect any leads coming in within the next three to six months. Still, it's worth building at our stage because we're.

0:22:05 People are doing that. But me personally, if I would be a one man business, so me starting my agency over again, I would not do outbound, uh, inbound.

0:22:14 Right? Inbound meaning you do content. Content is inbound. People seeing you and then deciding whether or not they like you to buy.

0:22:21 To go into a group, hoping to call whatever. Now outbound is the quickest. Way you can get clients. And then you can scale by having a system that works.

0:22:30 Right? For example, call calling emails, dms. Now you have loom. You can integrate. There's so many things you can do.

0:22:38 Right? Now in this webinar, we're going to launch to DM mastery. And we're going to tell you why we're. So firstly, email.

0:22:51 Email is the last likely to work. Right? Because you have to become good at copywriting. I give you my own experience.

0:22:58 It took me nine months to get my first appointment. And then I stopped because it wasn't way too f****** expensive and nothing didn't work.

0:23:04 Right? I'll try it later on and- It didn't work. Right? Because then we had warm leads and it's a different story.

0:23:10 But if you stick to, if you stick to any of those methods, in both or both, you can succeed with all.

0:23:16 It's just a period of time and effort. Because you have to become good at something. As long as you're not good at something, you're not going to succeed at something.

0:23:22 Which is completely normal. People don't understand this. There's no secret of secret office. There's no secret method. You just have to become good at one thing.

0:23:29 Which is DM mastery. Right? Or it can be call calling, it can be email. And if you become good at one, you're going to get appointments.

0:23:36 And if you become, become good at sales, you're going to close. If you become good at service delivery, you're going to retain tech clients.

0:23:42 That's how easy it is. But people don't want to accept- And so they try to get this high, this final, this room approach.

0:23:50 It's all of you becoming good at those things. Meaning scales. You have to become good at sales, good outreach and service delivery.

0:23:57 Now, we've figured out service delivery. There's more going to come to that to service delivery, but we have to start with number one.

0:24:04 Number one is outreach. So. e-mails. When starting with e-mail, it's expensive because you need multiple domains and with e-mail, we can even, we're going to do maybe a small mastermind of what we don't recommend it highly.

0:24:17 Right? Now, you have e-mail, e-mail expensive, lisa of unqualified. So if you want- to do it with LinkedIn, I'm actually going to tell you what works instead of what doesn't work.

0:24:29 So you have to have the personal e-mails or the first name adds to company. If you have e-mail list, the most important thing with e-mail is the list, the leads you have.

0:24:40 Because if you send out the greatest copy to the shittest lead, you will have no one booking. If you have a good- You could offer shitts script, but to good leads, you will still get bookings.

0:24:50 So, most important is that you have good leads. Now, it's super hard to get good leads. So, getting to Apollo D7 leads finder, or any other people you can hire to get scraped leads, most likely not, there will be shitts.

0:25:03 Apollo shitt D7 is shitt, right? So, add a- You scraped manually, or you have someone that you teach how to do it, meaning if you go and focus on the LinkedIn, uh, or let's say you search all Google Maps as a very good strategy, you search on Google Maps for businesses, for roofing company, you check

0:25:18 out their websites, for their email, and then you can go to LinkedIn, right? Search them on LinkedIn in the business to get an honest first name, for example, right?

0:25:26 Because you have the page and then you can find more of the business because you always see who works at a company, right?

0:25:32 Now, with that being said, you find leads for email, and that's the most important thing, that you have first name and qualified emails.

0:25:43 Now, before you start sending messages with email- you have to verify the emails, meaning there's a tool, for example, uhh, book, email, very fire you can use, uhh, which is cheap to verify the emails.

0:25:56 While you have to do it, it should prevent balancing back. Now, the thing with email, is quite expensive, like, honest is expensive because you have to describe the leads and all the see, like I said, like, the big size that gives you tons of leads for cheap price, I try them all, they're shit.

0:26:12 These seven leads find out, don't even give your first name, and you need first name when doing email. Without, it doesn't work, right?

0:26:19 Because it all about being real, about being human. Now, let's put email aside. Don't recommend it for starting if you're on budget.

0:26:26 If you're on budget, email is the worst to start because it's the most expensive one, it takes the longest to, to become good at.

0:26:32 Because copywriting is a very valuable, though hard skill to learn. Now, next, call conning. Call conning is great. It's great.

0:26:43 Because you can get a client, I've seen people get clients in four days. Now, they had previous business experience, but they got a client in four days.

0:26:50 Because you call call someone, you book a sales con in two days and that's how fast you can actually get a client.

0:26:55 Now, just know this is 99.9% of the case, not gonna be the case to you. Because you don't have previous business experience, you don't have the right offer, the right skip, which is all not.

0:27:06 Right? Now, this is how fast it can go. Because you call call someone in two days you have a sales call.

0:27:12 Or even the day after. So, with call coning, you can get super, super fast clients. Now, the only problem with call coning is you cannot really scale it.

0:27:23 We tried it, it did work, we had 24 times- Right? That's the only way to scale call coning is by having more people.

0:27:31 AI software for call coning does not work, it's shit. Right? We've tried, we've been pitched by those people, sending it, it doesn't work.

0:27:39 Right? Because people recognize it's AI and it sounds like a call con and people hang up. Right? Because the entire call of a call is not to sound like- a call caller.

0:27:48 Quick lesson here. Now, so call coning is very, very good. Now, the only issue you have with call coning is you can not very scale it.

0:27:56 All you learn how to manage teams, how to- that's why corporate jobs have call callers and sell over the phone, right?

0:28:04 Because you can scale it but with people. You need actual people. So that can be hard. That's why DM is the easiest and best to start with.

0:28:11 That's why we start with teaching you that. And basically, because it's cost-aspective, right? You have Instagram, Facebook, you can even go Twitter, Reddit, there's so many platforms, right?

0:28:24 Wait, you can actually send out messages. And be the most cost-effective. Now, you have to know with email, uh, with DM's, it's all about volume.

0:28:36 For all of those three things, this volume. So if you don't focus volume, like, you're gonna lose out. Because if we do, like, 25,000 caucus in a week, and you do, uh, one-hundred-nine-week, guess who's- gonna get more clients?

0:28:47 Wait. Of course, don't take it this, but you just see the difference, right? So volume is key. Now, DM's is great because it's cost-effective.

0:28:55 If you can go on Instagram, make an account and start contacting business. Now, with Instagram and those other platforms, you're limited to how many DM's you can send with one account.

0:29:05 That's the only thing, right? Because- because they- everyone fought it's great and so they use it and now they've restricted it.

0:29:11 LinkedIn was amazing before. When they start LinkedIn, you could send unlimited- you could send unlimited messages to people, and that was like, they were making so much money from it.

0:29:21 So now they've restricted it, and LinkedIn is one of the most restricted sites to do outreach on. LinkedIn is still- So great, but just know you're restricted.

0:29:29 Now, We focus on Instagram, and the reason is simple. Every single business is going out for Instagram. Because that's where the eyeballs are.

0:29:40 That's where people see promotions. I want a stunning and personal brand in the online space, and companies are getting online.

0:29:45 Right? Meaning that on the social presence- Like, everyone is pushing for social presence, even the f****** news. Right? That's why, amazing, we targeting them exactly there.

0:29:55 So with DMs, you have the chance of actually also getting the full, the actual oneness, for example of gyms. Very, very easily.

0:30:03 If you just know how. So, the DM actually goes exactly about- how you can find leads that fits your audience, right?

0:30:10 Because you have to think of it smartly. How do I get good leads on social media? Right? And then reach out to the people.

0:30:21 Now, understand, if you have one account on Facebook, one on IG, and one on LinkedIn. If you already do that, you're better than most of the people.

0:30:31 Because most of people don't take this series, right? And they do like 20 messages per day. Now, you have to do volume.

0:30:38 You have to do volume. And now, the great thing with DMs is that you can do automations. Automation is your biggest friend.

0:30:45 Like, honestly, automations, we have got- I don't know if you know about levels still. Maybe a few of you. It's the greatest tool for automation.

0:30:52 Love it. Right? Because go at level, you can do so many automations for emails and stuff like that. Inside, workflow, CRM system, it's amazing.

0:30:59 Right? Automation is your biggest friend. It's like where AI is going and all of that stuff. Great. Now, DMs is amazing.

0:31:10 So that's why we started launching this DMs mastery inside a free community. Because with that, you can definitely get your first few clients.

0:31:18 And funnily enough, we just told you, for free, how you're gonna get your first clients super, super easy. What frame?

0:31:26 What to tell- them and what offer to structure. Now, DMs is the easiest one. And now we're launching an entire course on how to become good at DMs.

0:31:37 And DMs, you can either do it manually, which is a f****** penny-ass. If you really, very, very short budget, like zero dollars, you can do it for free.

0:31:46 Because DMs is free. Like, you just, like, you can even have, I think, maximum tree IG accounts per device or wifi, I think it's per wifi, uhm, IP address, complicated stuff.

0:31:58 You get maximum tree Instagram accounts, right? Meaning you can max, reach out from tree accounts. Now, you can do it manually, which is a penny-ass, or you software.

0:32:07 It works, automations, right? There's some very, very good ones out there, uh, for IG as well, for, uhm, for example, Twitter, there's a very good one, which I use as well.

0:32:18 Now, we're gonna launch this inside the community. Now, I just wanna show you why you will find it because I don't want you to- It's probably worth finding the course which is gonna be free.

0:32:30 Now, I won't be able to see my screen. Amazing. So- On a classroom, so this is a free community, on a classroom, you're gonna find here the DM outreach perfection.

0:32:42 Now, as you can see, it has already been uploaded, meaning it's just a question of releasing it. Now, this is gonna be six modules, I think they- I don't even remember how much- how long they are.

0:32:54 They're very good, right? The golden strategy, watch all of them. If you watch them in the wrong order, if you just skip for the title, the title doesn't mean shit.

0:33:03 I ask churchy PT to give me titles, so don't relate to this title. Just watch the videos, right? Now, this is gonna be released as to- Now, to all level 2 members.

0:33:20 So, if you are a level 2 member, you can enjoy it. And you're like, what the f***? Why is this not a level 2?

0:33:27 Because- We want to make sure that you actually engage in community. And so that you can help and others can help, right?

0:33:33 So, we'd help you for free. All we want you is to engage in community. Which, again, is free. Or you can all give you more for free.

0:33:39 Then people in that community are helping you for free. So, you're like- Okay, I have to get level 2, how to get to level 2.

0:33:46 We're gonna call it all here, so you have it all done once and easy. So, you might have seen the leadable.

0:33:52 Level 2 is actually very worth getting. It's super easy to get level 2. Uh, already 11% are. They should be way way more.

0:34:00 Now, you unlock, chat with members, the DM, outreach, perfection, guy level course, and sales course, which is gonna come up, right?

0:34:07 After the time. So, as you can see, this is school points. How do you level up? Meaning, one leg is one point.

0:34:15 You need, Five points to get level two. Five points. That means five people liking your comment or post or whatever you do.

0:34:24 Meaning, all you have to do is engage in the community. So, just doing an introduction post, right? For example, he introduced himself, got four likes already.

0:34:35 If he would comment below with a question, we would like him, he would already be at level two. Right? So, as you can see, We help you as much as we can from our team.

0:34:47 Right? And, all you have to do is post in community, welcome, ask questions, share struggles, share wins, share everything you want.

0:34:56 And that's how super easy you get to level two. Like, it takes ten minutes. Like, actually takes two minutes to do the post and takes ten minutes, maybe, or maybe, let's say, twenty for people, uh, to like the post, or let's say, in the worst case, one day, and you get it for free.

0:35:11 Like, this is such a big win-win. Right? Now, that's how we have to do- As you go, do a post, introduce yourself, uh, if you want to have a template for me, how to get started, just introduce yourself with what's your name, where you're from, uh, one niche you're in, and stuff like that, you just make

0:35:27 a post here. Uhh, nothing holding you back from doing it is free, as everything here is free. Now, then you get the access to GM, outreach perfection, and you get it here.

0:35:39 Now, you're also, you're all welcome to get feedback on GM outreach mastery, or his outreach perfection, or hardware it's called, uh, You get it for free.

0:35:50 Meaning, in that, which is you exactly how you get those, like, up to 50 appointments per month with this, or you can even go crazier than that.

0:36:00 Right? We use automations that help to send more than 24,000 messages per month. Right? So you can go crazy on this.

0:36:10 Ourself, we booked, like, we fully outbooked myself. Right? We booked 700 sales calls. I would say half of them came from cold calling, half of them came from the M.

0:36:18 Right? This year. Now, meaning, it's a very, very good strategy. Before I was in Facebook, f****** complicated stuff, I made it easy.

0:36:28 I searched for solutions that are easy, and actually applicable. And that's what I'm giving you for free. Right? With answers of course help, ideas we made it happen together.

0:36:40 So you can enjoy, uh, this free DIY mastery, which is inside. So all you have to do is get level two, and you can enjoy it in sale.

0:36:47 So, to recover as well, I've gone so far, you learn how to, if you have now the knowledge, all you f****** need, you don't need more than this.

0:36:56 When, how to, to get clients. Meaning, what to offer them. What frame to use, what offer to use, right? That you have to position yourself, helping them make money.

0:37:07 So you may have to figure out, of course, what service. So you can select what service you can use, email, what do you have past experience in.

0:37:14 Uh, but honestly for this watch to start here module, which is super great. Now, and so it's doing also, one super great thing, which is he's working on a course, which is also going to come out soon for offer creation.

0:37:26 So we're going to help you how to create super good offers that are attractive to other people, right? Again, f****** for free.

0:37:33 I don't know what we do this crazy. Now. Uh, let me accept the next person. Now. Oh, we have too many members.

0:37:44 Uh, hi guys, what software do you suggest for LinkedIn, uh, message automation? Now. For LinkedIn automations, personally, I don't recommend it all.

0:37:56 LinkedIn is the most, is the worst platform. I want them to use automations on as of now. It's so complicated for all the softwares to build inside LinkedIn because they want to prevent every kind of promotions and like spam and like outreach, exactly what we're doing.

0:38:14 That automations get banned exactly from restrictions. I was searching the word. Thank you. Right. Many restrictions. The restrictions are crazy.

0:38:22 Right. So, and they're all getting hard on every single platform. Though, like on IG and Facebook, workable, school workable, most of the platforms that work about LinkedIn, do it personally.

0:38:34 Right. Have one account and reach out from a personal account. You can even do some combining with some posts. Right.

0:38:39 But for LinkedIn, honestly. Combine it, like inbound, outbound, and do it personally from one account. Right. Don't try to have multiple accounts to get banned directly.

0:38:49 It's a penny ass. Right. I tried it. I didn't have a proper pictures. I reached out to a few people who got banned.

0:38:54 Had to verify with ID and all of that. So, to get decision maker email and try it called email. Exactly.

0:39:00 That's one strategy you can use. Now, as I personally say, I wouldn't recommend it because that's the most expensive one.

0:39:06 Honestly. Like at this point, cold conning is 100 times better because you're most cost effective. DMs is better. Right. So, use Instagram because Instagram is a very, very good place and LinkedIn.

0:39:18 You can still do LinkedIn, but do it with one account. me. . . You don't have that much volume. Right. So there's a LinkedIn loom approach you can use, which is basically, uh, re-reaching out and doing a personalized message out of the profile saying, Hey, I found you.

0:39:31 Here's my offer. Right. That's what I'm trying to use on LinkedIn, but honestly try LinkedIn. Sorry. One person joining. Make it personalized.

0:39:41 And, uh, literally just keep it to, uh, very, very simple, U messaging all two people. So to recap, you know, now the different forms of outreach.

0:39:52 Right. Personally suggest number one, the best DM outreach because it's the most cost effective. You get the furthest. You can scale.

0:39:59 You can learn so much from it. Now the next one. Now, is call calling and last and least is email.

0:40:06 Now, you know how to, what kind of outreach methods you can use. You have full DM outreach course on how to actually use DMs.

0:40:10 And you also know what offer to offer. So by going out of this call, you should know how to get your first clients in the first place.

0:40:16 Right. Now of course, there are going to be questions and more to come. That's why we have one call per week to help you answering your question where we can review all of us.

0:40:27 Speak up with that VSL. If you have stuff like that, new outreach scripts. We can review that for free. Again, it's a lock.

0:40:34 So you have to be common level two or level three to unlock it. Meaning you have to engage in community.

0:40:39 That's all we ask you back is to engage in community. To make it a very nice community. To also get those coaching calls.

0:40:46 Now. Any questions so far? Like, if I want to help you know how to raise hands, it's next to the hang up button to the next to it.

0:40:54 You can ask a question and we'll just call you up for any questions. If we don't have any questions, I think I did a very, very good job.

0:41:05 And I think you should all be ready to get clients. If I don't see all of you having clients, I know you had questions and you just didn't ask.

0:41:17 Anzo, do you want to add something? I read. Now, everyone, we have one wish in return for giving you all of this for free, right?

0:41:50 It's to engage in community. Meaning, just help other ones in the community. Hi Zabel. It's just engaging in community, meaning you being active, helping each other.

0:42:01 And that way, we help you even more because we get more members, more people. Like, we build a very, very beautiful community for free, and so we can continue giving free value.

0:42:12 Right? Now, that being said, you get a ton of value. We're gonna do an outreach course by, uh, ends up coming out soon as well.

0:42:20 Right? I'm also . So starting to be calling a goal level course. So for everyone that doesn't know what goal level is, if you have a marketing agency, we need ads combined with goal level.

0:42:30 That's the goal to strategy for service delivery. So, I'm just gonna quickly show you goal level, uh, to finish up.

0:42:37 How it works, because honestly, uh, there are too many people that don't know what goal level is, so we're just gonna show you.

0:42:43 So, goal level is what, it's like build for marketing agency, it's like crazy how many customers there are, right? So, this is what they do.

0:42:53 So basically, it's everything in one place. So I think the- The best example is like, uh, down below is like here.

0:43:01 You get support. So if you have a CRM system, you get it. Unlimited Sales Fund on website builder, service, form, even marketing, SMS marketing, booking, core calling.

0:43:10 Like honestly, the best platform to do core calling is here because you can buy phone numbers that say in the US, even if you don't live in the US.

0:43:17 You can- And by UK, UK phone number, even though if you're not in the UK, right? So workflow automation, you can build our courses.

0:43:24 You can build our community. It's like integrations with communities, reputation management, document signing. It's like, white label. There's so much you can do, right?

0:43:33 Now, uh, I could- to show you around a little bit just for a quick sake of it, but honestly, it's too complicated.

0:43:39 So we're going to do an entire course on teaching you how to use it properly. But basically the most important thing is that you- basically you're going to have access to a sub account and- and, from here, you can have conversations.

0:43:53 Calendar leads, you import all of your leads. Uhm, you have pipelines, you end up pipelines, right? You can have payments, right?

0:44:02 So to clients. Uh, you can do marketing, meaning you can do social plans, you can combine all of your socials here and send f- from one place out to all of those, which is amazing.

0:44:12 Uh, you can do e-mails marketing. Like, honestly, if you do e-mail marketing, highly recommend it from here as well. Um, workflows.

0:44:20 Uh, again, automation workflows, you can create workflows. Uh, so much side. Like, if you have, wanna have a website, the best you can do is, uh, here, because it's like, you get it.

0:44:30 Or, yeah, all in one place. And what is the name of the platform? It's called Go High Level. Uh, I'm gonna spell it in the chat so everyone can find it.

0:44:41 Go ahead, uh, level.com. Uh, I feel the rename to. High level, but it's the same. It's still funny on the go level.

0:44:49 So you can build funnels, website forms, WordPress integration, surveys. Uhm, you can umm, you even have, yes? Yes, Jason, please.

0:45:18 Nope. Uhh, so everything you get in a sub account, you get as 97 dollar plan, right? The difference, So, important difference for everyone.

0:45:28 The difference between the 97 dollar plan, which is the price where you get all of this, which I just showed you, and the 297 dollar plan, is that you have unlimited sub accounts.

0:45:39 So, just to show you, here for example, we have on this, I an agency account with three accounts. So, accounts.

0:45:45 And why is this so important? It's because you have, when you're gonna have an agency, but you're gonna have clients.

0:45:51 And for the clients, you need to separate them with different going over accounts. Why you have to do this, is because then it gets f****** messy.

0:45:58 Because then you have leads from one client in New York, and like combined with a client in California, and then it's, you're all over the place.

0:46:06 But if a client decides to stop working with you, then you have a mess of leads. It's pain in the ass.

0:46:13 Yup. No worries. Yeah. So to finalize the explanation, basically you get, uhh, for the $97 plan, you get, uhh, I think three sub accounts, but I think it's like one actually, I think it's one sub account.

0:46:30 And basically, so you can utilize yourself, or it's true, like one or two or three, but basically you can only use it for yourself, right?

0:46:37 That's like the fault of it. So you can connect all the things that is inside a sub account, you can use, umm, as the $97 plan, and the difference with the $2 plan.

0:46:46 The $197 plan is that you get unlimited sub accounts. That's the explanation. So, God Level is a very, very, very good platform.

0:46:54 Uh, you can, you have to utilize, honestly, if you have an agency because you get- the lease from Facebook, from Google Ads, and integrate them to God Level, where you then build automation, email campaigns, all of that, in one place.

0:47:07 You have a CRM where they can call up the lease, you can call up the lease. It's, it's like, honestly, you have to use God Level.

0:47:13 Now, that's super great because God Level is a super nice tool, which helps us marketing agencies do our work. And do it way way easier.

0:47:20 Now, and outside of a premium community, you get unlimited salary accounts for free, which is nice, right? So it's like, you don't even have to pay it, you pay the premium community, and you get unlimited salary accounts.

0:47:31 No, you can all, of course, go buy it for $97, or you buy the community, and you get it as, as well for free.

0:47:37 You choose, right? Now, this is what you need for service delivery. We're gonna do an entire course on go-out level, upcoming tune, uh, upcoming soon, and also, uh, uh, about the offer.

0:47:48 But the most important thing I want everyone from here to take away from this call is that everyone of you can succeed, but just understanding how simple it is.

0:47:57 And do you have to take away- you ego by thinking you can charge up from 2K for something you have never done before.

0:48:03 Meaning, if you have no experience, stop and work for free, offer your help, and people are more- most likely, and- most willing to give you a chance if you're honest and just willing to help.

0:48:15 And I can tell you one thing. You will not never be as- as nervous on a sales call than lying to someone of a past experience that you don't have.

0:48:23 Remove the pressure by yourself by just saying, hey, uh, honestly, my name is Liu, and I don't have so much to say about how great I've been in the past.

0:48:32 Just know one thing, I'm super engaged, I want to give 100% and show you how great I am. And work for free.

0:48:38 If you take away- this from the call, you have all the better than most, most like 99% of the agencies.

0:48:44 They still think that starting and charging 2k per month in the first month is a way to go. Or offering these 10 plans as a year with this shit combined, you need one service and just start like we spoke today in this call.

0:48:58 Now, the- Bye. Actually, step you have to do for this call, and I'm gonna come to you question, uh, in Brando, is, what's GM mastery?

0:49:06 Because that's gonna actually help you how to get to 50m per month. You can start small, get the first meetings, scale to 50m, we have 200m per month, uh, or the last 90 days, we're like 80 already this month.

0:49:19 Uh, so this is really, really good. Now, take this away, engage in community, and you will unlock that and all of the other calls that's coming soon.

0:49:28 Join those calls, like, redo it for free, on hosting, and answering your questions, so make sure to join them. And, uh, I think that's the best thing you can do to become successful.

0:49:38 Because I don't know- any Charlie Morgan, Iman Gazi, without the same resource that we have, giving it away from free.

0:49:43 So, Iman do. Please, I'll show you uhh, and so ask him if he can put the question in. Yeah. Yeah, he's lagging a bit.

0:49:56 But basically, yeah, for us to answer, I think the question how far I got it, uh, is very simple. I'll have a f the work for free.

0:50:04 As you see, offering more service, doing social media marketing, e-mail marketing, here's one thing I want to tell you. If you have one thing, one and one thing that's super specific, you will make the most money ever.

0:50:16 So this is how you, how I explained to a friend earlier today, which was, you become very, very successful. By being good at everything, a little bit, but having skills in all areas, because to run a business, you need to do accounting, you need to do all of the auto stuff, you need to manage clients

0:50:36 , teams, all of that, client management, there's so many skills. But the, um, very good one, which is honestly. Now, for example, running ads.

0:50:48 So, yeah, one thing you're very good. Now, when I hire an email specialist, I don't want him to be an econ professional.

0:50:56 I don't want him to be social media management expert, and all of that. I want him to be good at one.

0:51:02 And you know when you come to me. And you tell me you're good at all of that. I can tell you one thing, I won't trust you.

0:51:09 Because, Hulk, if you would be so good, how do you have the time to do all of it? Because I don't.

0:51:15 And I work all the f****** day. And I'm good at a few things, which is climate acquisition, non-rest. Right. That's what I'm good at.

0:51:23 And even though, I'm not at the accident. I'm shitting at. Right, I'm not shitting at. Right. That's what I don't teach at.

0:51:31 Right. Though, that's exactly what I tell you, because I teach what I know. And the same thing goes to when you have a service.

0:51:39 Focus on one thing. Exactly. Check off all traders, master of none. Right, that's exactly what you don't want to have.

0:51:46 You want to be the master and want to be the best. Because then if you come to me and tell me, Leo, I'm super, super good at email marketing.

0:51:54 And that's all I've been doing for the last three clients, for the last, like, six months. That's what I'm good at.

0:51:59 And that's what I want to help you with. I will most likely tell you yes. And if you tell me, I can do s- Your optimization.

0:52:05 I can do a review, Google review campaign. I can do your social media. I can, oh, by the way, I can do, uhh, also your emails.

0:52:12 I can do a TikTok page. I was like, I'm when do you gonna eat? And when do you sleep? Right, it's like, if you're actually good, then you don't have time to f****** eat and sleep.

0:52:21 So, that's what I'm saying. Off of one, Some good service and people are gonna value it more than if you do a hundred things.

0:52:29 So, do a few things good and just show the value they get from that. So, choose one thing you become good at and do it.

0:52:36 So, I have one service, one offer, one way of, in the beginning, one way of getting clients, or you can buy it for you to combine, uh, and I will you in DMs, let's say LinkedIn and Instagram.

0:52:47 You can combine both, let's say. Or because of if you do DMs automations, right? If, for example, you run automations on Instagram, you can do call calling besides it.

0:52:56 You can combine them. But the most important thing is one offer, one service, one idea client, so one niche, and then you go with that.

0:53:03 One niche, one client, one offer. And do one. Become good, and that's how you're gonna clients. So, for I wanted to join in a bit late, we have this luckily recorded, so we're gonna put into community.

0:53:14 And I think from everyone here, I wanna know it and how did I find it, but I think it was pretty nice.

0:53:19 We gave a bit of, uh, we gave it ready to, as many people as we could. So, wanted to- back if you missed any part of the meeting if you, uh, joined late or left early, I watched it.

0:53:30 It's gonna be, uh, explained to you everything in full. So, to summarize, again, you should be now able to get clients.

0:53:37 And secondly, unlock DDM mastery by engaging in community. That's c-all-all I can ask you back. And, for yourself, so you can get to DDM mastery as engaging in community.

0:53:49 So, I would love to get some feedback about you if you wanna write an indie, uh, indie chat if you prefer how you find from 1 to 10, 10 being, uh, I loved it.

0:54:00 I want more, uh, zero worst shit. Fine, I'm happy. Um. So, we can like each other as opposed to an optical.

0:54:07 Exactly. That's exactly the goal. Hey, Terry, you got it. That's exactly the goal. That's exactly the goal. Uh, so, I wanted the chat.

0:54:16 I would appreciate it if you, uh, would just write 1 to 10 how you find a call, uh, if it was, it was valuable.

0:54:22 Um, 10 notes, uh, thank you. You highly appreciate, uh, Terry. Uh, 10 was amazing. Uh, one was shit. Five was, I learned.

0:54:33 Honestly, we did it for free, so we spent our time as well, trying to teach as many people as we could for free, uh, by announcing I think this call.

0:54:41 Uh, yeah. Your question. Can you put your question? Can you chat, please? Uh, can you ask the question in the chat?

0:54:53 And I will answer your question in the chat. Because you might cut off before. Cool. Awesome. And, in butter, are you still with us?

0:55:10 I think you're awful. In butter, can you hear me? I will answer your question because I think this can be concerning to all.

0:55:16 I don't know if you cut off again. Ouch. So, if you lose the, if you lose the clients, it's because they, you tell me it's because they don't need what you, you give them.

0:55:29 It's because what you give them in the first place is not good. Right? It's like, if you give me pizza every day, pizza, but I don't want pizza, what do you have as a problem?

0:55:38 Like, I'm not going to- buy your pizza anymore because they don't want pizza. But if you have, like, a store with vegetable and, like, everything, and I can choose whatever I want, then I will come back and buy it, right?

0:55:46 Because I want to have different foods. Now, the same thing goes with what you sell. Right? Let's say if you're designing logos, I think you cannot hear me as of now, but you can watch the explanation later.

0:55:58 Is- Very simply, if you, for example, sell logos, they will need a logo one time. But not two times, right?

0:56:06 Meaning, you have to give them something valuable which they need. And you can run behind them, you can run, you can try to, hey, take this off of now, you can do posts, you can do blogs, you can do emails, and to them, but they- will not want it.

0:56:20 Because if- it's a very, very simple law of business, if you sell something to people, people don't want, they will not buy it.

0:56:27 Meaning, you have to give them what they want. They want to make more money. This- the- the only reason they wake up in the morning and go to work in the job they don't like is just- So they make money, right?

0:56:40 So you have to give them that. Tell them, I will make you money and guess what? They will be interested.

0:56:46 Now, before you specifically offer one service, one simple stuff and you will be way, way better than what you're doing right now.

0:56:54 Because it seems like to me you're doing all over the place. So do one simple thing, one offer, one simple- service, you're going to be good.

0:57:01 So, I think you cut off, but just watch the recording and then you're going to have it. Yeah. So, anyone else has any other questions?

0:57:09 Uh, Envato, uh, Enzo, can you just put it into chat that he should watch? Do we record it because I answered his question now twice and I don't know if you got it.

0:57:16 So, anyone else? Please share any questions- and you have, or again, he would love if you have more- few more people's rating this course.

0:57:23 Uhm, would be awesome. I think, luckily. Yes, you did. Uh, so we're still working. It's still in pre-lown. So just to put an exclamation mark, it's in pre-lown.

0:57:35 So that's why we're not promoting it. It's in pre-lown. So meaning, uh, you can get early access to it. And basically, the premium community, uh, you get for the same price as gold level, so 97 dollars.

0:57:46 Uh, you get gold level for free. Not to reach it for free. So the software, uh, the, the automation we use on IG, you get for free.

0:57:54 Uh, you get, Yeah. Yep, of course. Uh, it's called altoricha.com. Uh, Richard.com. Uh, I used, I started using it a while ago.

0:58:08 Uh, it was, like, still enlarged. So now it's, like, getting very good. They're adding new features all the time. And we can give that to you for free because, uh, I was able to get a deal with the, uh, owner.

0:58:18 So basically, we are getting it for free. You get a goal level for free with unlimited accounts. Uh, you get coaching calls like this.

0:58:25 And even better, like Q&A calls where you can ask your questions and, Um, everything else, which is courses on call quality and courses.

0:58:32 Uh, like, you get everything the first hand. And especially you get my time, my attention. And, uh, yes, you can see it's called the sales revolution premium group.

0:58:42 Uh, same thing just in blue. And, uh, you can check it out. Uh, and so if you want, you can put it into the chat.

0:58:48 So people can check it out as well. Uh, it's very, very nice. And for, I want to ask that in the meantime, I want to enjoy the free community.

0:58:55 Uh, it's also very, very beautiful. So, uh, yes, and so we got it. Thank you. So, uh, also Janice and thank you a lot for the feedback.

0:59:04 Very, I appreciate it. Because it actually was the first webinar that I did. You know, I'm a young man. And then, uh, I have experienced a kind of acquisition, not very in launching webinars.

0:59:14 No, I hope you enjoyed it all. So I would say if they're not finalizing questions, uh, we would really just hope, uh, you engaging and liking the group.

0:59:23 And unlocking level two so you can get the courses for free. Uh, there's no, no heightened payment that you have.

0:59:28 Do to get level two is just get likes. So do post, like each other. Um, we like you to help you as well, uh, from the team.

0:59:37 And I think, uh, we should be very, very easy. So I won't ask questions in the community if you have any further.

0:59:43 And then we wish you a wonderful afternoon evening time to, uh, wherever you are on the planet Earth. Earth is pretty nice to have you, everyone here.

0:59:51 So, uh, I'm in level right now. New. Level one. Uh, then you have to level up just to post and we're gonna like it and then get it.

1:00:00 So it's cool. Everyone. Then we wanna wish you a wonderful evening day and rest of the week. And, uh, then it's, See you in the group.

1:00:09 Have a good one. See you everyone. 


0:00 Hey everyone, so today I'm going to show you, actually I'm a bit late on starting to record this, on me actually live building inside GoaLevel a workflow.

0:10 This is for one of our clients, on exactly how you get from a lead form from Facebook into GoaLevel, the leads, and how you build out everything.

0:21 So I'm going to run you through what I've already been doing. now so the first thing you have to do is go to integrations where actually funny enough, most people don't know what to do is you have to connect to Facebook, right?

0:35 Once you have connected to Facebook, you have to go to Facebook form fields mapping, which then he already did, uh, which is basically select what, um, information is going to be imported.

0:48 Basically you have to make sure what it does is that is check that the format that come from Facebook is matching to how GoaLevel is going to, uh, process the data.

0:58 Now, once you have done that I just created a very simple pipeline, uh, here. So just go and create new pipeline on the opportunities, create a pipeline.

1:06 Um, like just here. Now, then you go to workflows. This is workflows is under, um, automations, create workflow. As you can see here, lead flow, which I'm building out right now.

1:18 So the first thing you do is you search for form and you say Facebook lead form, submit it. Then you add a filter in form and then from the lead form, uh, that you have added.

1:30 All right. So basically from a Facebook ads manager, you have added, right? So the first thing I did is I made him add it automatically.

1:37 So you can, by the way, always pauses. If you need further explanation, I paused it. Uh, sorry. I, uh, added the leads to the lead stage inside the campaign, right?

1:48 Because basically how this works with this client is that he's going to call up the leads that get through, uh, the pipeline basically.

1:54 So, uh, they're just going to be named after the name in the lead stage inside the room. Pipeline called X studio, right?

2:03 Now, the first thing we want to do is send them a SMS directly after they get, um, the detail of a direct code directly.

2:12 The after they filled out the form, right? It's it's late after I fill out the form, uh, they will get directly to SMS, uh, to, to them and why we don't do email.

2:27 And this is basically because we don't need email. as of now. As long as the client wishes that, of course we can integrate email, but he's going to call them up.

2:35 So they have to get the SMS and then basically we tell them that we will call them up. Right. And we still get the, uh, the email under the contact details.

2:43 Right now. So that being said, that is safe. No, next thing I want to do is add a wait timer.

2:52 So we will wait, Just a wait timer. This is gonna be about 10 minutes. It's 50 minutes just for the sake of it.

3:03 And then we will do call now. We will do a call whisper. If the contact has been assigned to user, this will, uh, this will call the user and play the whisper message.

3:20 The contact is unassigned. The email will, uh, if the contact is unassigned, this event will call the number listed, sending company tap, blah, blah, blah, phone feel and whisper.

3:30 if the message will answer. So the call presence to any key to drink cold, we will die to contact. And if the answer will bring the call, we'll bridge the call, right?

3:39 Basically it's, uh, automation call. And basically this is going to call the user first. So basically what we'll do is, uh, it will, sorry, I, I'm literally tired as hell.

4:02 Okay. I have to record that. So I will record it and I will import it. So, uh, now I added a voicemail that basically tells them that we will give them a call.

4:16 So save action. Uh, so we 50 minute timer. And then basically, uh, what we want to do is we want to update, uh, the opportunity section from here, and put them into.

4:31 I studio, uh, lead list and then into, oh, sorry, uh, call up. And so this is wrong as well for name and status.

4:49 Right now, this is literally all we're going to build out here for now, because it's all the client wished to have as of now.

4:59 And basically we can extend this. To further email automations and stuff like that. But this is literally just, um, we're going to have to, uh, in addition to that, let me do it as well.

5:11 We probably have to, um, phone numbers, ignore, let's see, can we buy a Danish number that will be a client is in Denmark.

5:34 so you have to, if you utilize SMS, logically you have to buy a number. Oh, that's quiet. Okay. Um, he'll probably be using his own.

5:45 No, they don't have toll free. Uh, so if you're calling to United States, uh, usually this is a way better, right?

5:59 If you're Yes You get like for one box, uh, for numbers, you just buy one. And from that number, basically you'll be able to select it within the settings, uh, of the campaign, basically workflow, uh, and the workflow on the settings, uh, account time zone.

6:28 And basically this will earn, take it from the SMS you have basically on the phone number. You have to, uh, try, try it out, but basically, yeah, this is all you have to do for basically connecting Facebook to God level.

6:48 And now you can build out the craziest workflows you want for this client is, uh, all we're going to be building up for now.

6:54 And that's basically it. Yeah. See you next one. Peace.


0:00 Welcome, welcome everyone to this DM Mastery. So, I want you to pay extreme attention to this course because you're gonna learn for absolutely for free how you can book more than 50 appointments per month.

0:14 And I want you to know one thing, if you're not capable to go through this course, which is short and to the point and gonna teach you a bunch of stuff for free from people who have done it and have booked hundreds of appointments like me.

0:28 If you're not capable of doing such, how should you be? Be able to run a marketing agency. Now, that being said, let's get straight into it.

0:35 Now, here's what we're going to cover understanding DM outreach followed by the psychology of outreach. So, go follow me on YouTube, Instagram, and other platforms for exclusive content.

0:47 Now, share this course. We want to make sure that everyone gets this value. Because we want to grow this community so you get more value for free.

0:56 Now, this is one of the most important videos. so make sure to watch it in full. Now, understanding DM outreach.

1:05 Understanding DM outreach. What is DM outreach? Good question. Definition. Direct message DM outreach is a practice of reaching out to potential leads or customers through private messaging channels like LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, or other social platforms. Unlike cold calling or mass emails

1:23 , DM outreach is a personalized, direct, and often feels more authentic to the recipient way of outreach. Next. Why DM outreach matters.

1:36 High engagement rates. DMs have often a better reply rate than emails and cold calling, right? They feel more personal. And you have to also understand that most people are now, like, scrolling their stupid mans, you know, on socials all the time.

1:51 And most business owners don't even check their emails. And most cold callers, uhm, if you have done cold calls yourself, you know what it is to face gatekeepers.

2:00 Thank you. Gatekeepers are the people who are going to tell you to, uhm, send them an email and send an email to an inbox that doesn't exist or have never been checked.

2:09 Meaning you're never going to speak to the owner, meaning you're never going to do your pitch and never get your appointment.

2:15 Cold calling still works. DM also works. It's just, uh, compli- more complicated, right? Now, direct access to the decision maker social platforms allows you to speak directly to the decision maker, uh, who might be difficult to reach from other which I just said, right?

2:29 Usually you have gemonis in your, following big social brands, right? For example, coaches, it's way easier to reach out to them on social medias than, for example, via cold calling or emails, right?

2:40 And you have to see to your specific local business, uh, and we're going to go more into the how you can even target them, right?

2:47 But usually there is, uh, the marketing accounts are done by the owner himself, right? Uh, especially in this current date, usually they don't have an employee specifically for even if they have, that would be great, because people, tend to read the inbox on social media platforms more than they tend

3:05 to do on email. So let's put my big hat aside so we can actually see stuff. Uh, so it's cost effective, meaning the amount of reach doesn't cost a shitload of money to do.

3:17 Uh, if you stay cost effective and we're going to show you exactly how you can, you can send up to thousands of messages every single week, month, and stay cost effective compared to email, or even now cold calling is becoming I'm very expensive for sure.

3:31 Got a level, I can feel it with my team. So the psychology of outreach, the psychology of outreach, understanding customer psychology is building trust and report.

3:42 So most people vary of unsolicited messages, So, the goal of DM, the goal of the first DM is for you to break the barrier with them.

3:57 Meaning, the first thing you want them is to get to reply and not ignore you. That's so important. If you send a pitch to someone and he doesn't even read it, then you have b********* on nothing.

4:09 It's like, it's like if you try to call me, but you don't call my number, like, what's the sense of calling me because you're not even going to like, going to speak to me.

4:18 Right. Meaning the first DM is extremely important that it's done properly. If you want to have a good reply rate, if you want to have a good booking rate, it depends on the first message.

4:29 Cool. So we're going to go more into that. Focus on personalization. Use the recipient's name. Mention something about the industry, right?

4:36 I'm going to teach you more about personalization, but to give you a brief overview. Explanation. I'm being shocked by what is being told in the masses, meaning they tell you in email, you need to compliment their last LinkedIn posts and company success.

4:53 Like, honestly, if you compliment my business, I would say, come to the point. I don't care. Right. Good for me.

4:59 Not good for you. Come to the point. Right. So it's about speaking, personalizing your message is personalizing your niche, your ideal client.

5:09 Meaning you speak to someone specific. That's called personalization, not that they got three kids and they just had a birthday and you want to congrats them.

5:20 Nobody gives a damn about it. They all want to be targeted. Meaning I work with agency owners trying to get the first few clients.

5:32 then you know I'm speaking to you and when you speak to a restaurant you have to say I work like you have to be specific that basically comes to them across this.

5:42 I work with agents, with restaurants owner in Montana to help to get more clients or whatever, right? This is not speaking about the offer.

5:53 This is just for you to understand that personalization is always done with the industry. For example, recent news or industry changes or specific wording of the industry and express genuine interest in the needs or challenges, triggering curiosity.

6:08 Take Thank you all. Opening message, interesting enough to trigger curiosity. Curiosity is the most important thing in your first message, right?

6:16 This goes to email, goes to a DM, goes to a call call, right? Don't give away all information at once.

6:22 Instead, give them more as you go further. Ask them a question to encourage them to respond. Now we're later going to cover exactly what kind of messages you shall use.

6:31 This is just a psychology you have to understand when sending DMs. So, The Psychology of Outreach, Bellingham. Building trust is the most important thing.

6:41 If you don't have a big following, you have to build trust, meaning you have to show testimonials, you have to, by the way you speak and the way you say things and by the author you have, build trust over two people, right?

6:53 Even if you don't have any case studies that might be your case, you have to build trust. So we're more going to go into exactly how you can build trust with your audience.

7:00 Creating curiosity is super, super important when doing outreach, right? If you don't have any curiosity, people are going to fall asleep while watching videos like this.

7:09 Like I did watching Eman's videos. So emotionally engagement, meaning you want them to have a drill, have a reason, have urgency, right?

7:18 Why shall people buy from you now and not wait till they die and see that they had a bad life, useless life.

7:26 So I think I have a bad hat, big head and face, right? Social proof, extremely important. If you have that, you have to utilize it, right?

7:36 Why does it work? Because people have to trust you. And to build trust, there are multiple ways how to build trust.

7:42 But trust comes from competence, comes from proof, comes from confidence, right? Now, if you have social proof, utilize it on your, your outreach messages, and you have to understand that all that plays into people booking.

7:55 So if you don't pay attention and try to get a script, which fills all of those criteria, building trust, creating curiosity, emotional engagement, using social proof, then you know what's going to happen.

8:06 Yep, people are not going to book, people are not going to reply, and then, um, it's not going to work.

8:12 If I need enough to, like, I could be recording for email. This is exactly the same module that you would need to watch.

8:19 So crafting a compelling message, keep it short and sweet, right? People hate it that the time is being wasted, especially all, which is about outreach.

8:28 Outreach people hate the time being wasted. So keep it sweet and short. Show genuine interest in what they do, meaning have a general interest in the industry, meaning you care about their results.

8:38 That's what it means. Like I do not care about the personal life because you're in business. You're not there to speak about their grandchild, children's birthday, right?

8:48 You dare to care about their business and their financial success with the business. So be direct, but polite. Good lesson.

8:55 Meaning you want to keep it at a point, but you don't want to be offensive, right? Use a conversational tone.

9:03 Meaning if you're too formal, it's going to put people off because people have conversations on social media platforms. It's social media, meaning you should socialize with other peoples, meaning you have to have a conversational tone.

9:17 Woo, that was fast. Summary. Use DMs. If you don't use it, you're just missing out on money because it's quite easy if you learn how to do it properly.

9:25 So, understand your customer's skillet. Come on, if you don't even know who you're selling to, how shall you help them, right?

9:32 That's what I mean with general interest. Understand your customer. And lastly, have a good strip! We'll make the difference. Having a good author and a good script will make the difference, uh, by focusing on what I just told you.

9:45 These are the small, smart, small notes you need to keep in mind when creating a script. That's good to work.

9:55 See you in the next one, guys. Cheers.


00:00 So, everyone, welcome to this video, me explaining how you're gonna close very very good into the paid community, called the Agency Revolution Premium, right.

00:16 So, I'm gonna give you the exact framework you have to use, utilise it every single time, it's easy, it's, like, if you have more than two brain cells you'll be able to close with it because it's super be easy.

00:25 And by the way, because we're not selling a high ticket, it's, it's gonna be super super easy. So, let's begin.

00:34 First, you're a success coach, so you're meaning to help them. So, that's the mindset you need to have. So, you start with something like this.

00:40 Hey G, how are you today? Like, hi Tom, how are you? Great. By the way, where are you from? If you feel like he's from somewhere interesting, just ask him that.

00:49 He is gonna ask you back. And then, this is literally the most important question of the entire call, which is look for, or look for a kickoff call.

01:00 The best thing we can do is if you give me a little bit of background about your agency and where you're at right now, and then you just tell me what you're struggling the most with and we're gonna take it from there.

01:11 Perfect. Cool. Then you want to have their okay, because then that means you have the frame, because you told them what is gonna happen.

01:18 So, you have the control over the call. So, this is the most important part, because that gives you control over the call.

01:23 Psychology. You don't need to know why, just do it. I just because it gives you frame because you don't tell them what is going to happen.

01:32 And the person who tells where we're going is the person who is the boss, right? The same goes with a card.

01:38 The driver is the boss because he's deciding where we go. So, you can just say, hey, look for a kickoff call is it would be just great if, as always, you just give us a little bit of background about yourself and your agency and where you're right now and what we say you're struggling the most with.

01:54 So, we can see, um, how we can help you. And in In the end, I will give you access to the DM Outreach Mastery as part of the DM Outreach So, if you want to learn more about DM can go to the DM Outreach Mastery website, which is www.DMOutreachMastery.com.

02:11 Okay, so you have been already nine months in, okay.

02:33 You don't have clients, okay, interesting. Now, have you done outreach? What's your service? And the most important question, now, what would you say is your biggest struggle?

02:44 And you have to just ask that question. And people find it good when you ask that question. When you ask me, what was my biggest struggle?

02:50 I'm going to think about it and I'm going to tell you. Why should I not tell you? Right, because you are a success coach, you're there to help me.

02:57 Now, and the paid community is help. So everyone that does really well. You should look inside what we're going to offer because sales, uh, yeah, that's a great, if we say it, um, this is going to be the paid community, right?

03:11 So they get high-level, ultra-rich, premium support, Q&A course, call calling course, research revolution, presentation template, premium competent community, right? So they get it for a super, super good price.

03:22 So it's a good offer and people will learn so much from it. It's a no-brainer offer how good it is, right?

03:27 So we're actually going to help people a lot, so just keep that in mind. when I asked a question and they seem completely lost, if it's a complete beginner, he doesn't even know what niche to stream.

03:37 Tell him, hey, watch the setup course, then you'll find a guide on what niche to choose, right? Perfect. Just want to give a little bit of advice if you feel like they're complete beginners, right?

03:49 If have you started outreach, if they say no, tell them, no, it's not good. You really need to start. If they tell you what service and they say, I don't know yet, tell them Google Ads is great because with Google Ads, you have a better quality of life.

04:01 The cost is kind of the same and you can display ads at more places and the quality is better. So look into that.

04:09 That's all you have to say. You don't have to show them how to use Google Ads because you tell them, look, we don't have that much time on If you have more questions directly to Google Ads, we're going to be able to answer them in the future.

04:24 Now, most important question. Sorry, tired. And now the most important question, what would you say is your biggest struggle? It is the most important.

04:31 Important question. Just ask it. Uh, I, I, I struggle to get appointments, uh, right now, or I'm not able to close deals.

04:39 I'm completely lost. I don't know what to do. This is mostly what you're going to, um, get as an answer or yeah, I have clients and honestly, I don't have a biggest struggle on people who are arrogant and just going to tell you, I don't have a bigger struggling, but then you just ask, what's your goal

04:52 . And they're gonna tell you, I want to make 10 K and you tell them, okay, cool. What do you think is, uh, missing to get you there?

04:59 And then they're going to tell you more appointments. Great. and you have the book. That's what somebody is. Right. So what is your biggest struggle is always the most important question because now what we have, uh, now what you want to say is now we have a community, which is going to solve that problem

05:14 , which is going to help you get more appointments and close more deals. Now, let me show you that's exactly word by word.

05:23 What do we tell you? Right. After you have asked the question, whatever the answer to you, so state, so great.

05:29 Now we have a community that can solve that problem. which is state the problem, which is going to help you book more appointments and close more deals.

05:38 Then what you do is you start sharing your screen. So for everyone that doesn't know how it, uh, how it works, uh, let me go to Google Meets because I need you to understand this.

05:51 So now for you to understand, you just click on here, the button, and all you have to do is one Chrome tab, and then you can open it.

06:00 Now, what I suggest is, to make it more, to make it better. Uh, so here's a presentation. What do you want to do is you want to remove it from here and open it in a separate tab, right?

06:11 Like this. And then you go full screen before you share your screen, right? This makes it look way more professional and super, super easy.

06:17 I just did it. Now you're going to just search for the presentation. And now as you see, it's going to share this, this screen, right?

06:26 And it does look better than if you go, uh, If you just go there and then you, it just looked more professional.

06:33 Just do it like that. Oh, so open the presentation already like this in another tab and then just share that tab, right?

06:41 And if you want to show things you can utilize here on the Google meets the button to play right now.

06:48 So let's go. We can stop the presentation here. Now this might change the design. It doesn't actually matter. So you get instant access to the agency of revolution preeminent yet it's a premium cost to tell them location I'm going to do not go through the list here.

07:03 Just say, look, this is a bit messy. Let us go through everything. So don't even let them time to read it, right?

07:09 Just so they know, Oh, okay. There's things coming up. So you start by saying we have unlimited accounts. You're going to get quite level.

07:16 Do you know what guy level is? Most people should know the people who don't know, uh, you show them, right?

07:21 So you get unlimited account to go a level worth, uh, $300 per month because you get unlimited account. Sorry. Then you click on the link.

07:31 So here on just, you click on a link or you click here and it's going to open, go level, right?

07:37 So you might have at this point to, uh, change sharing tab, right? So let me show you that. Let us open that means again, because I want to make sure that you really understand every single step and don't struggle on a call.

07:53 Right? So you're going to share the tab. And now let's say you want to share them another screen. Now you just press share this tab instead.

08:03 And then when you go back, share this tab instead. Done. Understood. Perfect. Now look, this is all you get, you get.

08:12 So if people don't know what got a level is, show them, Hey, so he has got a level, literally the best thing for your agency.

08:18 You have to utilize because you get everything, uh, for service delivery and getting appointments. Like you could call, call capturing new leads, creating websites, all of that stuff.

08:29 And the best thing you can show them is scroll down and tell them, look. This is all you get for free inside our community.

08:35 CRM, appointment management, unlimited sales funnels, website builder, service email marketing, two-way SMS marketing, booking appointments, workflows, courses, calling, tracking communities, documenting label, blah, blah, blah. You all get this, which is the greatest app days out there for an agency

08:53 . Every single agency I know utilize it. And then you can even scroll down and say, you get the premium plan with unlimited sub accounts, right?

09:01 which is the super, super great because then you can add for each thing off your client, agency client, you can add an account, right? So you tell them, look, instead of paying 7k per month, you pay zero, right?

09:13 Because you get it inside the paid community, right? Now let's continue. You also go to sales revolution courses, which includes sales training worth 2k.

09:23 You need to state the price. Just say you get sales training, which is extremely good. Um, And then you get include your mindset from that.

09:32 Foundation principles, sales, then you get off call calling support. You get DMR3, out of scaling coming soon and even more products coming source.

09:40 Uh, here again, you can click on the link. It's going to show here the courses you get direct access to, right?

09:46 So you get access to call calling, the sales revolution and out of scaling, right? So then you scroll, you continue.

09:53 Super easy. You just put them through. And because you're going to be having, you're gonna be having an access to who got to calendar.

10:04 All you have to say is, look, this is a proof, you know, to book appointments. So we're going to teach you how to book appointments.

10:08 As you can see here form on the appointments created. And all you do is click on the calendar here so you can show real true proof.

10:16 Then it's automatically going to show up this page with not last 90 days with over 200 appointments booked right in this change, of course, whenever you're looking cool, then you press continue again.

10:28 Then you should have strived it was an April last year, first month with a $16,000 worth of deals with the agency.

10:37 Um, group coaching. You're also going to get so worth 1.5 K per month. You get two, two calls every single week.

10:45 Review your sales code. All you have to do is read out what is here. Review the sales call feedback, ask anything for client acquisition.

10:51 You get a personal help of Leo, right? That's like I'm doing it. You can do the same. It doesn't matter who I am recording this because it's already here.

10:59 Also, you get a community which is priceless with coming to access, asking questions, and working with competent people and getting help.

11:05 On top of that, you get out to reach a full free, which is the tool that we utilize inside the DM mastery.

11:14 So when you use it, when you're going to unlock the DM mastery, also inside the Bay community, you're going to get a course on how to utilize auto-reacher for DMS outreach, right?

11:26 And we want to give it to you to premium plan for free. So you save again $250. By purchasing this resolution, you know, so the agency premium, agency revolution premium, uh, instead of buying it separately, right?

11:42 So we just bond mode for you to a great offer. So auto-reacher is a great- scraping tool. Um, you can do auto-reach, you can scrape all leads in the industry, personalize the AI messages, sending 2040, thousands DMS per month.

11:58 Uh, we do it ourselves. Um, priority, taxing support with auto-reacher. We'll see you if you're part of the community, right?

12:04 If you're part of the community, you get priority, taxing support. Cool. Like, I'm presenting it right now. If you don't need to be perfect speaking, it's just our drawing entry and presentation.

12:16 So testimonials, results be from themselves, uh, sorry for here. Again, so you click on the link again, and just you can run them through auto-reacher.

12:23 So load up the website. Yeah, here, as you can see, this is, uh, your partner's, we work with meta, Amazon, web services, and the video.

12:31 Partnerships. Oops. Uh, so yeah, you can send out 1,000 dms daily, a power to target, a high target leads, and then all you have to do is just show them this, just show them this instead of auto-reacher.

12:41 You're getting up to 20 accounts, um, you can warm up the accounts, lead generation, so you can search all leads on all Instagram and like, target very specific.

12:52 You can send up to 24,000 dms per month, and you have an unique inbox, right? And here's a, you can also show them the potential.

13:00 Just keep in mind. You have to, uh, . . for 30 minutes, so 15 minutes, max, never, the discovery phase where you ask the question, it should never be longer than 15 minutes, and to sales part, uh, the presentation part should also be kept at 15 minutes.

13:15 Second, if you have a call after that, you have to know that you have to get the sell done before you call close, right?

13:20 Before the next call. So you can utilize them, hey, here, look, the potential you have if you have a reparative, 3% conversion rate of 0.5, and so you really dok shit.

13:31 And you said five on James for a month. In 12 month, we made it all 15K, right? And if, let's say you have a conversion rate of, uh, 20% which we're gonna teach you, have, have a 20% conversion rate, let's take it in, for example, 3 months, or 1 month, right?

13:47 Depending on how good you are, right? Having a response, I have a response only 10%, right? So, all the 10%, so that would be how much money you would make.

13:58 You save DMs, 10 clients, it's time safe. Bye. You can utilize the argument, you save time, you save money, you save efforts, and it's automated, right?

14:08 So, and you tell them, so it's gonna be at least $100 per month, and the premium plan is 250, so you can send up to 24,000 DMs.

14:17 Now, we wanna give this to you for free, inside the premium community as well. So, let us continue. Now, that is all works.

14:25 We wanna show you results. So, you hear you get some tax, uh, testimonials, but tax is not that great then.

14:32 You video, so you just play this testimonial. If you wanna play another one, play those two. Those two are the best, just play one of them, both of them, and then you state the offer again.

14:45 So, you get access today, everything you get is going level, auto reach, priority, texting support, Q&A calls, coconut calls, disaster revolution unlocked as the 90 days, presentation templates, for the agency and premium competent, community at the price of 249 as of now.

15:01 So, uh, you . You can also get and to, uh, show them the pay community about section. So, this is the community you're gonna get access to, and that's the sale.

15:12 You just done the sale, and then you handle the objections. Um, you should, there should not be high objections. It just, it just told them it's two, fifty per month.

15:21 And then they have the, the chance to win prizes, uh, like, one of ones with me as well, inside the community.

15:27 So, this is, uh, no priority for every agency, honest, because instead of paying, um, them. . . A total of over 5k, this might change, like, we might just make it a little bit.

15:36 Instead of paying 5k, you pay 250 bucks per month. That's the deal. And then you tell them just, hey, go to, just send them the link, and turn them to sign up here.

15:47 That's it. And, uh, stay on the call till they do it. Or, if you sort it, like, you have to hop on the next call.

15:54 Just, uh, tell them, hey, do you have any questions about it? Like, honestly, this is the best value I can give you.

15:59 And our team can give you, because it's like, Why do you, We charge 250 bucks, and let's say not 100, right?

16:06 Or 500. Because that's the minimum money we need to break, to make money. So that your company can sustain, right?

16:13 But we get all of that value. Because we care that you get good results, right? So. Any other question? And you get a 2 pair.

16:22 Because everyone has 250 bucks. I want. And you might not close the first one deal. But with a presentation, as easy structure as is.

16:31 When you just have to click through. And click the different links. Here. Here. And just show them. Here, click the link.

16:41 Just show them, uh, the results, the group coaching. Uh, the community here, which they will get. I'll tell you, you click again and just show them.

16:49 And you tell them always the price. Uh, sorry, you don't even need to stay the price because people can see the price.

16:55 You play at the monotree testimonials, and you tell them to get access today. To join today. That's how easy it goes.

17:02 And that's literally it. The full sales process that you have to take them through. And just tell them to, uh, we're probably going to add a link here today where it's going to send them to the above page here so they can go and sign up.

17:15 Right? So you, what you can do is add a send them the link in the call. Or you just tell them, hey, go to school.

17:23 Search Discover Community. And, uh, put in the agency revolution. Premium. Or, agency revolution premium. If this would work. I think I don't know what it called it.

17:48 Yep, uh, accurate agency revolution premium. Right? Just don't find it. But you could just also send them the link. So, ladies and gentlemen, at this point you should be pretty clean on what exactly you have to do.

17:59 Honestly, it's very, very simple. Uh, if you have any question, text me. Uh, this is- literally all the frameworks so you're gonna get this document, the kickoff call, access to currently so you can take the sales calls.

18:09 And, thirdly, you're gonna get access to the presentation. This is super, super easy. Get familiar with it. If you need any further help, let me know.

18:16 We can help on a call. If not really necessary, just speak about how you're gonna be able to close deals and make a bunch of money.

18:22 Sounds cool? Perfect. See you in the next one. Peace out.


00:01 Welcome to the first video inside the actual course on where you're going to learn how to set up your agency within 24 to 48 hours.

00:12 Now, even if you already have your agency set up, this is lessons you can learn which are very, very, very valuable.

00:17 So, pay attention. This is going to be, I don't know how long, we're going to cover everything that is on this PDF that you can also find down below in the school community.

00:28 Now the first thing is welcome to our guide. I don't know why I called it that way. Uh, this is to help you set up your agency from scratch, follow the tabs, and we're going to show you exactly how to, uh, become successful.

00:43 And honestly, like I just put in transcripts. I have to explain to you back then recorded all of this in Loom, but the quality of audio was too bad to actually make it into a course.

00:52 So that's why I asked CGPT to summarize it so I can do now a better video. Cool? Perfect. Now, choosing your name.

01:01 Choosing a niche is the first and most crucial steps is picking a niche and issues of a specific industry or audits.

01:09 You will target your services. Don't try to appeal to all instead focus on a well-defined segments like we as the agents, dentists or e-commerce businesses.

01:16 This makes the marketing effort more effective and allows you to optimize, um, your offer and services. Now, this is a super important rule.

01:27 Now, what I want you to understand is that there's a nice quote. If you try to appeal to all, you will appeal to none.

01:37 Which means if you target all local businesses in the United States, you have more than 350 million businesses there. If you run, if I run an ad, right, for you to target you, and I would say I'll help businesses make a hundred kip a month.

01:56 Who are you meaning? There are billions of businesses in the world. Right, if I say I have agency owners get to 10k per month, you as an agency owner, do you feel like I'm speaking to you?

02:08 Yes, and that's exactly the same point, and by having a specific target niche, a specific offer for that niche, you're going to make your marketing so much easier, and book appointments so much easier, and close so much easier.

02:21 Right, I've seen people trying to target everyone, they've never gone far, and I'm going to tell you what criteria you need to look out for to choose the right niche, because then there might be people telling you, why should I go only into one niche if I can go into every single one, exactly for that

02:35 reason. Now, there are a few things you need to pay attention to. Firstly, you have to make sure that your niche has at least 10,000 people inside, industries, sorry, businesses.

02:47 Right, if you go for example, like, bicycle dealerships for super bikes, I don't know what, right, there exist like 200 out of them in the United States, for example, I'm talking bunch of shit.

03:02 You cannot target them because the market is too small for you to actually test different offers, try different things, and actually reach out to a grand numbers of things, right, because that's how outreach works, volume, right, always, as everything is volume, especially if you want to scale, and we

03:18 want to build it all on a solid foundation, this is super crucial, have a solid foundation, so, rule number one, make sure you have at least 10,000 businesses inside the industry you're going for.

03:31 Rule number two, this thumbs up is so funny, rule number two, is, it needs to be high ticket, if you want to sell marketing services with running ads, for example, then you need it to be high ticket, like, real estate, roofing, solar, the common niches that you know, right, if you go in with wash salons

03:53 , right, or pet stores, or companies that don't make a lot money, you're only going to be able to charge so much.

04:01 Because you have to think that, yes, they may make money in revenue, but their profit is super low. And so if you take a cut from the profit, even then they're not able to spend it on you, because they have running costs.

04:12 Right, so you're going to be able to sell them a subscription, let's say $400 per month, but not more. And if you're a marketing agency, you want to be able to have ad spend, and them paying you nicely, right, for your job.

04:24 Even on a performance deal. So, make sure it's high ticket, that's rule number two. And rule number three is, Go into a niche, where there are people already in.

04:35 Don't try to reinvent the wheel. You can go into real estate, roofing, niches like that. And I'm going to tell you a few good lessons here.

04:43 Firstly, no niche on this planet is saturated. A market is only saturated with incompetent people, and people not knowing what to do.

04:56 In every single niche, every single market on this planet Earth, They're always killers, always. People making millions. But it's saturated.

05:05 No, it's not. It's saturated with people not knowing what to do. And I don't want you to be part of them.

05:10 That's why we have this course. You have to understand that you have so much competition, but your competition is mostly just shit.

05:17 And you have a few good ones. A few good ones you need to learn from. Right? That's why, when I go in real estate, I know how to book appointments.

05:26 Right? When I go in roofing, I know how to book appointments. I know how to close those people. Right? and I'm not a crazy genius.

05:31 Dude, I just know and I know what to do. That's why we can book appointments and most people don't. That's why no market, no niche is saturated.

05:42 So every single niche you can go into. Another rule. Again, value bump. No industry or niche is harder than another. No one is easier.

05:55 It might be easier to book appointments in real estate, but it's way harder to close because they're being pitched five times a week.

06:03 For example, med spas, it's super hard to book appointments because if, for example, we've got like call calling, you have gatekeepers, front desk, so you cannot go and speak directly to the owner.

06:14 So it's harder to book appointments, but they have not been pitched that many times. So it's easier to close them.

06:20 So understand that every single industry is for client acquisition. It's as hard for every single one. That's why if you look at most biggest companies, most industry comes back to the same about the same thing, because no matter what you do, it might be harder to get appointments.

06:37 But in terms of client acquisition, so from a stranger to a paying client, in the end, it's as hard and as easy for every single one.

06:45 So do not judge it based on how many people are competitors you have, because most competitors are shit, right? And if there's competition, there's money in the niche.

06:55 So don't like, oh, there's so many people moving, so I'm not going to go moving. If you are serious, you get it.

07:01 You're going to be able to succeed in roofing. That's, I can promise this by my heart. If you are serious, you're going to be able to kill it in every single industry, in niche.

07:14 Now, choosing a niche shouldn't take you a month, shouldn't take you a week. It should be done quickly. And the third law to choosing a niche, right?

07:26 First is the size, second is high ticket, and the third one. is really that you have to take every single advantage that you can get.

07:38 What do you mean by that? You have competition, like I said. Now, your competition has advantages over you. They, like me.

07:47 We have testimonials, we have teams, we have proof, we have everything, we have referrals. You don't. But you dad might have been in a roof for 25 years.

07:56 Can you utilize it? Yes, of course. You have advantages. Every single one of us has advantages. You need to them.

08:03 And you need to utilize your own advantages that you have, because I'm utilizing mine to 100%. And if you don't, your competition will.

08:13 So you're losing out to advantages that you need to use. Because in business, nobody cares about you. So use your advantages.

08:21 Be on a salescon and say, my dad was a roofer for 25 years. So I have seen what it is to be a roofer.

08:28 I have seen what it is to get leads that are bad quality. with you. And I've seen how he has been getting good qualified leads.

08:36 Now, I was like, cool. Why don't I help roofers with that exact problem? Do you have more trust? Yes, because you have an advantage.

08:46 So you utilize whatever advantages you have in industries, right? If you have friends working, for example, uhm, in an e-commerce business, they run an e-commerce business.

08:56 Say, hey, I have friends who run an e-commerce business and I have, uuuh, uuuh, and a lot from them. Utilize the unique experience you have.

09:05 If you have been going to the gym, like always, you know a lot of people inside the gym. Utilize that.

09:10 Do you understand? You have to utilize the advantages you can get. So choose a niche which you're passionate about. We can actually extend into four laws, right?

09:18 The first law is choose a niche which has at least 10,000 people in. Second law is, needs to be a high ticket.

09:25 Third law where you have, if possible, past experience in, and third law, choose an issue passionate about. Because you're gonna have to do a bunch of things.

09:31 Okay, for six. The person who knows the industry the best is the person who's gonna make the most money. Hands up, so true.

09:42 The person who knows the most about the industry is the person who will close the most. So don't spend a week choosing the niche.

09:51 Spend a day choosing the niche and there's other six days researching inside that niche. I knew the prices of breaks.

09:59 I knew the, the different kinds of, like, Installations, unforms to heaven rooms. I knew the average price. Find all, all details and reassert I knew the market movements.

10:11 Why is that so crucial? Because the reassert agent is gonna bring a point on the sales calls. It's like, hmm, I don't know how it's gonna work for marketing because people are moving away.

10:19 Tell them. We know that. That's why we have this idea of how we can retire them to stay with you because you're gonna have the great offer.

10:26 Blah, blah, blah, blah. No, No, you niche. That's why choose a niche simply done with those four criteria. Keep in mind the two advisors I gave you.

10:38 Let's go to the next one. Let's make my head a little bit smaller again. Outbound, where's this? Outbound. Clank position can be approached away.

10:50 Outbound or inbound marketing. Outbound acts actively reaching out to potential clients through call DMs, emails, calls. This is direct and efficient for quick results.

11:01 you know what I mean. Inbound, creating valuable content like podcast YouTube videos that draws clients to you. It's a long term strategy.

11:09 So, this is just a quick one, uh, so you know what you can do. Choosing the right methods. Understand that you target audience spend the time where their spend the time is key to choosing right methods.

11:23 So, I'm gonna cover those two things. What kind of hours you should choose together. Now, firstly, start with our work.

11:33 Start. Start our work. Not a question. Start with Outbound. I've made hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars with Outbound.

11:44 And, after you have gotten your first few clients, or if you have full time in the agency and you don't know what to do at 2 a.m.

11:52 in the night, start Inbound. Because Inbound is gonna take you at least 3 to 6 months to get started. And the best Inbound you can- And ever do is have testimonials.

12:04 Just post testimonials everywhere. Hey, here this client made 6k, bam, bam, bam, because people want results. And if you show people results, then they get pulled towards you.

12:16 Outbound is the most quickest way how we got so many people inside of community so quickly. How we have generated hundreds of thousands, like I said, with call calling, DMs, etc.

12:27 Right? That's why what I'm gonna teach you also in how to book 50 appointments. I can. Don't tell you it's outreach.

12:33 Don't worry, we have good solutions, uh, to not make it, to keep your time as efficient as possible. Now, to sort out, I conclude, do outbound always.

12:49 Outbound and later on start inbound once you have results, testimonials, proofs, etc. And for example, on LinkedIn, or super nice thing you can do on LinkedIn, just start posting on LinkedIn.

13:01 Right? So for example, do outbound LinkedIn, start connecting people on outbound and add a bit of an inbound there. Suppose, for example, once a day, and, or all three days, but combine it.

13:12 Always only combined, inbound with outbound. Never do outbound, uh, sorry, never do inbound alone in the beginning. Never. Always start with outbound and you can combine outbound, for example, LinkedIn DMs with inbound slash content.

13:31 So choosing the right methods. on a standing where you're tired, honest, spend the time is key to choosing the right methods.

13:36 So, a roofer. Where's a roofer? The owner, owner, damn f****** roof. Where's the reassage agent? In his car, driving towards the next host, uh, home to have a look and show it to clients.

13:50 Right? So where are they most of the time? Guess it. Crackly. And where are we moving towards? I run, like crazy mans, scrolling, tiktok, uhm, .

14:02 Instagram. Right? By the way, I would never, I would not recommend tiktok because tiktok is pure, uh, content consumed. So, it's not very, I recommend it for business purposes.

14:13 Right? So, DMs, emails, or call calls. Right? Most un-business do not read the emails. Right? And then you have issues of getting leads that are qualified because if you get an info at company.com, nobody's ever going to read it.

14:31 So, understand where your orders spend time. And the best thing to do there is just go on YouTube is the day, let me go to you, YouTube.

14:42 The day of, So, the day of a roofer. And you just watch this for 10 minutes of whichever video you like.

14:53 The day of a roofer for 15 minutes. But why should you watch this? Because then you know where they're doing.

15:00 They have breaks. They're all are scrolling on Instagram. In their breaks. On the toilets. And watching reels. At this point everywhere.

15:10 Everyone. Right? Would you use snapshots? Snapchat, sorry. Most likely not because that's not where your target audience spend time. Businesses owners wear their spend most of the time.

15:22 LinkedIn, for example, also. Right? Choose whatever outreach methods fits to your target audience. So, I just gave you a few examples but of course they're way more.

15:33 So, think of your ideal client avatar. And I think, and you always say, I don't care who my client is.

15:40 No, that's not a question. In your industry, what are the people like? What they really look like? Right? RDS, for example, woman, like, woman going to the gym.

15:53 RDS, young entrepreneurs. RDS, business owners. RDS, 9-2-5-ers. What are the people you're targeting? Describe them. . And from there, choose the right outreach methods.

16:07 Complete. Now, for RDS Asians, focus on call calling, Facebook or Instagram, GMs, for example. For e-commerce businesses, use LinkedIn emails and social platforms.

16:18 Why? How many e-commerce business owners are all the time on their phone? Not at all. They all use e-mail LinkedIn and other social media platforms to promote themselves.

16:31 And where most people promote them? Themself is where they are also usually most receptive. Hands down, again, a valuable lesson.

16:39 Where the people the most present on is usually where they do themself, them own marketing. They are the most receptive to other forms of marketing, right?

16:51 Because what do we say to Asians to all the day? They try to close deals and follow up with leads over the phone.

16:58 Right? That's the own way of marketing. So if you target them with the same way they dream, I mean, it's, Themself, it's where they're most likely to be found.

17:07 Next step! We're getting super, super, super done, fastly. Seventy minutes, you know more than you would have probably in any paid course out there.

17:16 Cool! Setting up your company. Don't waste time and formalities like registering company, creating a website or a brand until you have clients.

17:22 Nobody cares that your website, your company is registered. I'm made about, uh, close to six, six figures. So it was high for five figures that I need.

17:31 And I didn't have a website. I didn't have, uh, company registered. I had a name. I didn't have a logo.

17:37 Like, now I have one for the school community. I didn't have a logo, I just had a name. I, it just took, uh, laid on and took on Canva, the first image I found, right?

17:48 So, we're gonna cover all of that. But firstly, understand that registering your company is the best way of losing time.

18:01 Because people judge, with whether you're competent, not whether you're registered in some place in the United States. If you're targeting United States, for example, they care about you being competent.

18:13 They hire. I've seen so many agencies only succeed in Europe targeting US and all the way around and around the world, right?

18:20 I have a, I had a client in Singapore who are making millions with the company, uh, in ad spend and, uh, high six figures for the agency in the United States.

18:33 in right. 8 Nobody, they don't care where you're from. They care about how competent you are, right? So, and for taxes, you're gonna be, ew, taxes.

18:42 You pay taxes one year after you have made the money. Which means try to get a client for one year.

18:50 And if you do, then you can start registering clients, uh, registering new business. Because if you register your company as marketing agency for real estate agents, uh, and then you decide to change niche to e-commerce, then you can start.

19:03 All over again, and what did you just do? Lose time. The same goes for a website. If you start creating website for real estate.

19:10 And then you move to e-commerce, or you change your offer. How many times will you change your offer? A million times.

19:18 Then every time you have to bring brand, and nobody cares about your brand. Do you care that Nike is called Nike?

19:24 Do you care that Netflix is called Netflix? No, it's just a brand name. You will still watch Netflix. It would be called, Bookmarks.

19:30 You will still watch Netflix. right? So nobody cares about the brand. It's once you're successful, build up a brand. So, choose a name simply by using name licks.

19:44 Uh, name licks is a super tool you can use to find names for free. So you, for example, uh, Tom.

19:55 And then you can select a, like, a style, randomness, high. Uh, and for example, marketing agency. You see. you should never include your name.

20:07 But honestly, nobody f****** cares about the name. So you can just, uh, as you can see, it's just gonna generate the name for you.

20:12 Um, and then here you can see .com. That means if there's, like, um, at Green Dot, it means that the domain is still viable.

20:21 Why? Because you're gonna need to buy, purchase a company domain. Like, we have a company, uh, domain called right now, team at the Set Revolution, blah, blah.com.

20:32 Right? This is a business domain. So here you can find, very, very simply, um, an image should not take you long and a half an hour.

20:38 Image.com, for example, if you do kind of creation, it doesn't matter. Just put in something and you're gonna find. Uh, camera should become your biggest friend.

20:47 Camera.com. Uh, create a web, uh, create, uh, logo, super, super done, uh, super easy. So when you search logo, uh, you get templates, super easy.

20:57 Camera should be your biggest friend. Um, as you can see here, you get templates. Uh, use one for free, just download it, done.

21:03 Two. A few, ten minutes. Now the same goes for, I don't think if you do a cover on IG, this is super, super easy for LinkedIn, uh, checking out my LinkedIn.

21:15 Bop, bop, bop. Actually, one of those videos is already so long. Nice. You're learning a lot. As you can see, this one's just done with Canva, super, super fast.

21:24 Uh, looks super, super good. Clean. Done. Next. Learning from the right sources. Investing yourself by learning from people who have been successful in your field.

21:32 Fundamental providers. Thank watching. Good. So and get feedback. That's why we have this group. Because you're able to learn as much as you can.

21:40 Knowledge is power. And the more power you have, the more money you will make. Right? Because people buy from people that are competent.

21:46 So you need to become competent. So use this group to max potential. That's why we have a paint group where you get even more help.

21:53 There's not to promote it. Just to know, utilize the help you can get. Utilize books, calls and continuously and to deepen your understanding of running an agency.

22:01 I'm not this modest out there by hell no I'm not in a mask and even he does not everything. We don't know everything.

22:08 You don't know what you don't know. And you have to understand the more you know, the more money you will make.

22:13 That's why when I do outreach, I always get appointments and you don't. Why? Because I've done it more times than you.

22:19 I have more knowledge and more experience in that field. And you can translate experience to knowledge. So it's all about getting more knowledge.

22:27 From books, people, like this video, consume knowledge about that industry. Not of So, Not good websites or watching some YouTube or Instagram.

22:40 Consume knowledge, which is rather than to your business. Like this. That's why we're the awesome paid community. Where you get even my help, 101s, you get paid, you get, umm, Q&A calls, more sales, training, so on and so forth.

22:55 Because it's all about knowledge. The more knowledge you have, the more money you will make. Do you think that me as a coach, I do not spend money to get more knowledge?

23:03 Of course I do. I, Pay the mentor 4,000 pounds for one hour, one for shit hour, to teach me YouTube ads.

23:11 Why? Because it's gonna make me more money in the wrong term. Great. Next one. Focusing on principles of the tactics.

23:20 While tactics and strategies may change people, the principles remains constant. Understanding the fundamentals of outreach in sales is good what's gonna make you money and build you an Imperium and help you make 10k per month, 100k per month.

23:33 We'll see you a million per month. Focus on booking appointments and closing deals to generate revenue. Everything else that booking appointments and closing deals is a waste of time.

23:44 Like, creating a website. Waste of time. Now, where we're here. Of course you have to research off course your service because you're marketing agencies so you have to give them a service.

24:00 Now, how do you do that? Alright. Yeah. . 20. 80% of your time, you focus on outreach and learning about sales and 20% of the time you focus on becoming very good at your service tree.

24:13 Watch YouTube, like, on how to run ads, get creative and do a bunch of research about your service, right? Look at people who are big, etc.

24:24 And probably in the future of this community, you're also going to be able to learn about service tree. Now, booking appointments and closing deals is what's going to make you money.

24:33 I'll be safe. Getting on business on this plan has this one goal, getting sales. Now, if you don't focus on that, you're wasting your time, you do not have a business if you're not pursuing, closes and sales.

24:45 Focus on booking appointments and closing deals. Rule number one, if you want to get to 6k per month, uh, sorry, 6 figures or 10k per month, doesn't matter.

24:57 Focus on this one law. Now, I am prioritized learning the principle behind the successful This is Jocelyn. . That's why we teach principles of chronic position.

25:08 This is, this, this guide is super, super, super good. Why? Because it teaches you principles on how you choose a good niche.

25:17 I didn't tell you go and read estate. I told you the principles on how to choose a good niche. And the same goes for outreach.

25:25 So much you can learn about it. So much we can teach about it. And the same goes for sales. I will make money all my life with sales.

25:34 All my days. If I get a corporate job for sales, I will be within one year the best seller there.

25:41 I promise it and I know a well. Because I have understand and understood the fundamentals of sales. The principles. So conclusion.

25:51 Remember the key to success is, uh, to start, learn, uh, lean and focus on what directly leads to revenue. Outreach and sales.

26:02 Keep learning, second system and don't get caught up. Indeed. In details that don't matter at the beginning, literally this phrase you should pin it somewhere on notes, on background, on piece of paper.

26:13 Uh, by the way, always take notes of everything, it's very useful. So I repeat, remember the key to success is to stay lean and focus on what directly leads to revenue.

26:22 Outreach and sales. Keep learning, stay consistent and don't get caught up in details that don't matter at the beginning. This is profoundly one of the most valuable lessons I can give you.

26:32 Which is where Let's focus on outreach and sales. So I hope now you get to start your agency and be ready to rock and roll within, uh, 48 hours and, uh, that I can see you in the next video, which where we're gonna b- show you, a bit show you on how we generate more than fall, like at this point, which

26:52 generated over 500 appointments in 90 days, and how you can get over 50 appointments per month, uh, very smoothly. With principles, tactics, etc.

27:01 in the next videos. So, see you there. Peace out.


0:00 So, welcome to the first video where we're actually going to start covering things on how you can set up your agency within 24 to 84 hours.

0:11 Now, let me make my head a little bit smaller because then you can see more. So, we're just going to go over this document and this document you can find below, uh, when you just scroll down you're going to be able to find set up PDF and today we'll be able to have a look at it and, uh, yeah.

0:27 So we're gonna start covering it before I made a long course on explaining it and everything. I'm going to summarize it into one video so you know exactly what to do.

0:36 So, step number one, define your niche and target market, decide on niche, a specific niche you will serve. This might include small businesses, e-com, tech companies, healthcare providers, or others.

0:48 Determinate what unique values you can bring to this market. Now, here's what you have to understand. One quote which I really love was, If you try to appear to all, you will appear to no one.

1:01 And what is meant by that is, you cannot work with all local businesses in the United States. For example, there are more than 350 millions.

1:11 When you see an ad, I help businesses go to 10k per month. Do you feel like as an agency owner, he is speaking to you?

1:19 No, he speaks to business owners. It can be anyone. The more specific your outreach, your marketing is, the better it will perform.

1:30 This is a key lesson, straight out, the better and the more niche down and targeted your market is, the better your marketing will appear to it.

1:42 Now, to define a niche, there are a few things you have to select. Your niche, to be able to find a good niche, you have to have at least, funny enough, 10,000 businesses in that niche.

1:57 Right. Why? Because you're going to have to do an alteration in it. And if you don't have enough people. Inside of the industry, you will not be able to send clients.

2:04 So more than 10,000 businesses in that industry. Now, you also want it to be high ticket, right? Because if you target low ticket businesses, you will not be able to charge more than that, for example, $50 subscription.

2:16 But as an agency, right? You want to do marketing and you need to have at least ad budget of 500 to 1K per month, which means it needs to be high ticket, right?

2:25 So, and if possible, common use, competition is a very, very good thing. and to give you the next value bump.

2:33 No niche on this world is saturated. No niche. A market, or niche, is only saturated with people not knowing what to do.

2:47 So with incompetent human beings. Now, if you become the competent person in the room, have a good offer, have just an audience and so on and so forth, what but we're all gonna cover it.

2:58 You have an advanced, The advantage to the competition, which is crazy. Why? Because most agencies really don't know what they're doing.

3:08 And my job is to help you to figure it out. So, you're not like 99% of agency owners. I spoke to so many realtors, to so many realtors, to so many business owners.

3:18 And what they have experience with agency owners is just bottom line. Crazy. It's like nearly too disgusting to the level of incompetence that they is.

3:29 No. I'm not telling you all want. I want to make sure that you are not one of them. Because competence makes money.

3:40 And competence loses. Always. Second rule. Now, to define your niche, those three things, right? It can be bigger industries like solar, blah, blah, whatever it is.

3:53 Real estate, roofing, gyms, it can be everything. And to give you a third value bump, straight out the bat. No niche is easier than another.

4:04 They have differences towards, for example, booking appointments. Ecommerce is way harder to book appointments. Or, for example, Matt's boss than, for example, in real estate.

4:15 It's an example. Though it's way way harder to close real estate agents than a Metzba owner who have never been pitched before.

4:23 Real estate agents get pitched every two weeks, three times. Metzbas, as people are having difficulties booking appointments. Bye bye. So you offer can be lesser grade.

4:37 You can be worse at sales and you will still close more. Which means if you look at the overall difficulty of client position in every single niche, it's equal.

4:48 None is easier, none is more difficult. So, rule or dare, switching niche is never gonna solve your problem. Right? Getting better at what you do is always gonna solve your problem.

5:01 Crazy value bombs. Already three, like, six, five minutes. I hope you love it. Now, also one thing for your niche.

5:10 If you have previous experience, family, friends, or you have done an internship, for example, in the solar industry, or you, your dad owns a solar company, or whatever it might be, use advantages.

5:26 You already have so many disadvantages, like people from me. Keep. People who are further down the line, right? Where we have a lot of f****** tests and more news, we have proof, we have good team members, so on and so forth.

5:38 It's crazy. Now, use the advantages you get, which is industry knowledge that you can get from past experience. So all past experience you have to utilize.

5:54 Why am I teaching SMMA now? Because my agency was successful. And it still is. And we're still growing, right? And to a point where we can teach people.

6:07 I start teaching 101. I didn't. Invented it. Right? What did the- the way that I went from starting my agency to was 101 coaching towards- I'm sorry.

6:18 In the middle there was an appointment setting agency and I ran a pretty f****** bigger appointment setting agency towards coaches towards, um, running the sales revolution.

6:28 It's because I have seen, okay, what have I done in the past? We'll see you What can I utilize for my new business?

6:34 Right? Use all advantages you can get. We do it every single day because the competition does not care if you have disadvantages.

6:43 So, not a rule. Stop feeling bad about yourself and start utilizing the advantages you can get. And if you don't have any cool, start learning here because that's an advantage.

6:53 Not everyone is going to be able to get inside here. Now, because we might not reach out to them or other reasons, uh, that might decide God bless.

7:01 In the future. Now, define your niche, decide what you want to go into. This should not take you longer than a week.

7:07 Like, three days to decide. And important, like I said, the size is important, high ticket is important, and something you have past experience in.

7:16 Right? So, depending on that industry, if possible, that interests you. Right? So, because you're gonna have to do so much industry research.

7:26 Now, let's get to the next part. . . . Creating a strong brand. Nobody uses . . .


00:00 how call call? Gatekeepers work yeah because they are trained right i train you right through call calls i do it at they do it too right when they get started the owner gives them training here are the three boxes unless you're gonna make a new so you can understand right so when I get started they get

00:23 they get training what did I learn two things, they literally learn two things only two things how to handle a customer why? because of course it literally does the job to handle a customer, if it's a med spa they need to know how to book a consultation all of the blah blah blah stuff right?

00:55 and they learned how to handle co-calls slash scams blah blah blah those kind of things yeah these are the two categories that have been teached to right?

01:13 give you hour long trainings they have hour hour and hour long trainings on both of those things yeah? this is so f***** to everyone here's the thing they're not familiar with The last country, this is gold important businesses, they have not been teach how to handle business owners, right?

01:46 customer right let me right for consultation for example yeah they like million things they do right that's literally all they know literally they are generally experts in this how to handle customer that's where they get paid yeah and they know how to run a front end that's because the gatekeepers don't

02:14 like the owners do not like call callers right so what have they learned sounds like call caller cc means call caller what do they do hang up or tell them to go f*** yourself that's what i mean by oh you can leave a message you can leave a message basically means go f*** yourself in a polite way what

02:49 i have never been teached to and literally that's the goal right this day i've been teached to what they've never been teached to it's how to have important businesses why because important like what a gatekeeper does not know enough about the company to be able to have important businesses so the only

03:12 thing they have been teached about important businesses yeah if elon musk i don't know who if he's everyone knows of you elon musk elon musk is one of the baddest person on this planet if elon musk calls you tomorrow and tells you he needs to speak to your husband or to your boyfriend for some project

03:42 are you gonna push him through of course why because he's an important business is he a call caller no but both are selling something yeah probably both are selling means both are making money so something regarding money so here's the thing where's the difference between those two this is taking money

04:16 i want you to understand the brains of how the gatekeepers work this is making money so the only choice that she has is she does not want to lose her job is pretty true does anyone does not understand this?

04:43 does anyone doubt it? we could all sit in silence and do some meditation or hear some calm music yes nicole perfect, thank you nicole you're a very good example of what you should do just f****** tell me you have girls have to tell me what is going on in your life what is going on doing work so i can

05:46 give you feedback so nicole what do you think you should do if the gatekeeper tells you the owner the ceo does not take on personal calls what should you do Okay, here's a problem.

06:27 Why two things they do not respect you right Nicole no need to unmute yourself. I'm speaking with you to mute yourself So what if they tell you that you not want to take on business personal calls?

06:40 Right the owners the CEO does not want to speak like he does not take on personal calls. What should you do?

06:48 Like what do you think you can do What do you think you can do? Let's think, what can you do?

07:19 Yeah Here's what I suggest If he does not want to speak to you personally, just say that you are company calling.

07:52 Ah, right. Here's the thing. We say person The only reason we say it's personal, so they don't think we are a call caller, yeah.

08:05 Because if we say, oh hello it's BlackSomberunity calling to the front desk, they're gonna hang up as well. That's the only reason why we say it's personal.

08:15 But, well you can try. Instead of saying it's calling, instead of saying that, like try that, if they tell you they cannot put true personal, just say I'm calling.

08:46 I'm X company, and, maybe, What do you think? Why did I write it down? Who say? Oh, oh damn. I mean, guys, you have to tell Okay.

10:20 Here's what you wanna tell. I'm calling on behalf of Blackstorm Unity and maybe you aren't familiar with us, but the owner should definitely.

10:29 So please put me through it, it's urgent, I need to speak to him. Because now, right, now you are business.

10:37 Right. But that's the thing, if you are business, as you're somewhere in between here, right? I did. They're going to recognize your call corner, or not.

10:46 That's why you don't say, oh I'm calling to be offered flexibility, point. No, you say and. Maybe you don't know us, but the owner should.

11:00 Does that clear it up? Anyone has any question to that? Yes, please. Yes, say you accompany. Yes, say beast. I'm calling on behalf of Beast Pro Media and maybe you are unfamiliar with us, but the owner definitely should.

11:25 So, can you please tell me the truth? Nicole. Guess. Guess. What do you think? Which one? No! Because you're still speaking to me.

12:00 Yes, Gatekeeper, Frontdesk, however you want to call it, it's literally the same shit of a person. Right? You have to be important.

12:09 And if you're important, you do not have the time to waste with a frontdesk. Usually, those people are arrogant. Callcallus You want to know the biggest truth?

12:38 This is the biggest truth. This is why I'm booking appointments, because I'm arrogant, on callcalls, to the frontdesk, right, not to the owner, to the frontdesk.

12:46 And here's the truth. Most people are nervous. So, do not say sorry to a damn f****** frontdesk. Here's the best drawing you're ever going to see about a frontdesk, yeah?

12:59 This is guinea pig frontdesk, gatekeeper, a fat, ugly woman. Not saying anything against them, but that's probably her. So, you are an important business owner.

13:17 You need to speak to the business owner. And there's some ugly woman who, if you she would be not ugly, she would probably have like a better job.

13:31 What you want to do is, you want to get as f****** fast as possible to the owner. You do not have time to waste with this woman.

13:38 Blah blah blah blah blah. Right? She knows how to handle customers, not important business owners. You have to present yourself as being someone f****** important.

13:52 So they put you through. And I told you one thing. You are gonna lose your job, I can promise you one thing, you're gonna lose your job if you keep on being friendly with front desk.

14:03 Because front desk is not gonna kill your job. Here, let me do the math. You, friendly, not with the owners, because gatekeepers only, right?

14:16 With owners, be always polite, friendly of the staff. Also be polite and respectful to front desk, but give commands, right?

14:26 You, friendly, with gatekeepers. I call him JP, right? Plus, zero appointments, because you're not getting through to the owner, because they're not letting you through, because you are not an important business owner, if you say, oh sorry for disturbing you, when do you think he's most likely going 

14:52 to be available? When is he available? I need to speak to him. If you're friendly, this is what is going to be the result.

15:00 This is math, right? One plus That means, I cannot speak English. Are you happy about that? Probably not. So why not change this and say look Be mad I don't f****** want to lose my job because of some front desk in the United States because she's not putting me through Whatever Whatever kind of persuasive

15:50 way you want to have use to get true Get true donor you're gonna get true donor. I'm not f****** lying to you.

15:59 Plus booking appointments. Why? Because if you're being commanding you're gonna book appointments. Literally that's how f****** wood works. If you do not book appointments like if you are friendly with gatekeepers you're not gonna book appointments if you're not gonna have appointments you're gonna lose

16:18 some job. So instead be commanding, aggressive, too frontist, book appointments, I'm happy, you are, everyone's cheerful, and you get paid.

16:39 So you have to understand, if you keep on being f****** friendly, it's gonna cost you your job. And I'm, I don't mean it as a joke.

16:50 Because if you're friendly, or nervous, they are gonna put you into this category. Why? Because at coldcaller, most coldcallers sound exactly like that.

17:04 Oh, hello, this is James calling, uh, Sarah calling. Uh, do you mind if, to check if the owner is free?

17:13 I really need to speak to him. Well, that would be so kind of you. Oh, thank you for looking up.

17:20 Thank you. Oh, no, he's not available? Oh, no problem. Leave a message? Oh, sure. This is what f****** coldcallers do.

17:29 If you tell him, hey, this is Leo. I need to speak to the owner right now. Is he free? Okay, wonderful.

17:35 Oh, who is calling? It's Leo calling. He knows who I'm calling. Can you put me through? Please, I need to speak to him right now.

17:43 If you don't do that, they're not going to put you into that box. And once you get into that box, they will have no choice but putting you through.

17:59 Does anyone have any questions to that? Suggestions? Problems that you're facing? You want to know why it's not working or what is working?

18:15 Wonderful, we have a group of deaf people. Oh, Trerina, wonderful. Yes, please. AMAZING! That's what I wanna hear. Exactly that.

19:12 That's what you wanna tell them. Look, if you f****** don't put me through the owner, I'm gonna call every single day for the rest of the year with every single number you can imagine so you're gonna fear me calling you if you do not put me through to the owner.

19:25 Alright? Tell me when is he gonna be free. If you tell me 6am, I'm gonna call at 6am in the morning but I want you to make sure to put me through.

19:33 Alright? You do that, perfect. That was perfectly well done. You have to understand, the people who are being the most aggressive to call the callers have been the most successful.

19:46 Because I already mentioned that so many times. They are not trained to it. Here, they know what to do. Here, they know what to do.

19:54 Here, they know. In their little brain, right? With one brain cell, right? They're like, oof, what the f*** should I do?

20:02 This is like, in their brain going off. What the f*** should I Just put the f****** truth. Why? Because you can't.

20:13 You're giving them the f****** commands. Why? Because you are the boss and you want to be successful. And if you're an important business owner, right, I can tell you one thing.

20:21 When I call people, right, and it's urgent, I'm not telling you, hey, uh, do you have are you free right now?

20:29 Or is it, hey, do you have a minute to speak now? Because then I know it's f****** urgent. I don't have the time to check, oh, are you free right now?

20:38 Like I'm disturbing you. When I speak to family, yes. When I speak to friends, yes. When I speak to the owner, yes.

20:46 When I speak to gatekeepers or someone I don't like, I don't because I don't have the time to spend with her because she is not the person I want to speak to.

20:53 If you would pitch gatekeepers, it would be another thing, but we do not want to pitch gatekeepers. Do every possible thing to not ask, hey, how are you doing, to a gatekeeper because that's lichido.

21:08 Most wrong thing you can do. Yes, I'm sure you can, you can see the number. It's the number on the screen, you can just tell him, it's the number you see, or you tell him look here's the number when you go in GoHighLevel, it says in the green button on the top left corner.

21:48 But you press the green button, and then you go down and select the phone number, and there's like the exact number Wonderful.

21:57 Anyone else has any question how to handle gatekeepers? I need you to be aggressive, like you should really f****** hate him.

22:07 I hate him to the bone When I did call calls in the past, I literally hated them. I hated them like there's nothing worse on this planet than gatekeepers.

22:18 So if you're being friendly with gatekeepers, you're not gonna get through. If you ask them how they're doing, it's like a friend calling or it's a customer call.

22:26 Because a customer is always gonna be polite. A call call is always gonna be nervous. Only a f****** successful business owner is gonna be arrogant as f***, right?

22:38 The people you don't like, right? Nobody likes arrogant business owners, right? But you have to pretend to be one so they put you through.

22:46 And once you speak to the owner, you say, hey, is this really me? I'm sure we have never spoken before.

22:50 Can I let you know what I've called? You're a different person. Call calling is about having fun to try to get to own.

22:58 Yes, I would literally say the best emotion to have on a call call is just being mad to the front desk.

23:06 Just be mad, right? If you charge. Just be mad at the front desk. It's her fault. Like you have to know this is literally the reason why you gotta get fired because of some stupid damn ass call call like front desk in the United States.

23:22 Who nobody cares about. She literally gonna forget your name within two minutes. She's never gonna remember your She's not gonna have a bad day because of you.

23:32 So just be aggressive. Be commanding. You are the boss. Sounds good? So we're gonna do a bit of role plays.

23:45 Marianne, do it again. I wanna know if you actually See ya. Understood what I said. Hey BlacksunReity, how can I help you today?

24:03 It is, how can I help? Uh, yes, uh no. I'm not, how can I help? Are you gonna fall asleep, or are you a powerful woman?

24:22 Here's the biggest trick. I really need to speak to the ONA. Is he free right now? Sounds way more aggressive.

24:41 Do it again. Hey, if you keep on- if you keep on muting yourself, I'm gonna kick you out. Stop muting you.

24:49 Hey, Blackstar Reality, how can I help you today? Yeah, how can I help? Uh, why are you calling? What is it we're going?

25:14 Can you please put me through? Uh, like- Sorry, I have to know, what is it we're going? Sorry, I have to know, like I- Why is it just the owner who can know?

25:44 Ah, the owner actually don't want to take on personal calls, right, with clients, uh, Are you calling on behalf of a company or are you just by yourself?

25:54 Definitely should, very nice Dan, very nice, you listened to the call, wonderful, that was very nice, uhm, like you understood what I said about personal, uh, about the I'm calling on behalf of Black Sun Realty, maybe you're not familiar, that was very nice, that part.

26:20 Be more aggressive. I know for you wonderful beautiful ladies this is probably hard, it's not hard, it's a game, try, how, how, how to do it, make it a drama, you need to speak to the owner, like, Lishi, do not cry, that would be not good, but tell it, look, you have to, you have to put me true to the

26:42 owner, I'm not joking, put me true, they're like why, because I need to speak to him, like, what's so hard to understand, I need to speak to him, it's important for him, not for me, it's important for him, so let's do it again, be, articulate yourself, be more aggressive.

27:00 Hey, Blackstone UT, how can I help you today? It is, how can I help? Way better, uhm, what is this regarding?

27:22 Wonderful, very nice done, uhm, let me check, uh, he is not in the office right now, uh. I don't know, he is not often in the office, no, here's what you want to ask again, when do you think he is most likely going to be in the office, ask them again.

28:02 Because you're going to call back later that evening, but how should I know when you're going to call me, and how should I know if the owner is free.

28:09 Alright, so let's say uhm he's maybe going to be free by tomorrow 9am. He's maybe going to be free by tomorrow 9am.

28:26 I'm not sure, but maybe. Please make sure to put me through, because she, like I cannot control if he's free, but I can control to put you through, right?

28:44 So what I'm going to say is, I'm going to call you back tomorrow at 9am, but make sure please to put me through.

28:50 I don't want to waste my time. Make sure to put me through. Is that cool? Wonderful. Hang up. Uh maybe he's going to be free by 9am tomorrow.

29:10 Make it more aggressive. What did I just say? Look, I don't want to waste my time. Please put me through.

29:14 Tomorrow at 9am. Okay? Something like that. More aggressive. More energy. No, please. Make sure to put me through. Is that cool?

29:34 Uh, he's maybe gonna be free by Make sure to put me through. Is that cool? Repeat word for word. Make sure to put me through.

30:00 Is that cool? Better. Already better. Because you're commanding. You are in power. You are a woman of power. So use it.

30:14 Have power in your voice. Have power. Don't just die on those calls. If you're just dying, you're depressed. Uh that's it.

30:24 Maybe it's not gonna work that well. So don't be depressed about doing calls. It's not that bad. See it as a game.

30:32 Literally you have to try to get to your owner. You have to want it badly, right? You wanna literally hunt it the entire day.

30:40 That day, Charina is a very good example of that. She wants to do everything possible to get to the owner. You have to want to hunt it. I need to speak to your owner.

30:51 Like make sure to put me through tomorrow at 9am. Can you do that? Wonderful. Sounds good? So.